Let me have your attention for a moment! So you're talking about what? You're
talking about - bitchin' about that sale you shot, some son of a bitch don't
want to buy land, somebody don't want what you're sellin', some broad you're
trying to screw and so forth. Let's talk about something important. Are they all
here?...Well, I'm going anyway. Let's talk about something important! Put that
coffee down!! Coffee's for closers only. Do you think I'm fuckin' with you? I am
not fuckin' with you. I'm here from downtown. I'm here from Mitch and Murray.
And I'm here on a mission of mercy. Your name's Levene?...You call yourself a
salesman, you son of a bitch? I don't got to listen to this shit. You certainly
don't, pal. 'Cause the good news is - you're fired. The bad news is - you've
got, all of you got, just one week to regain your jobs, starting with tonight.
Starting with tonight's sit. Oh, have I got your attention now? Good. 'Cause
we're adding a little something to this month's sales contest. As you all know,
first prize is a Cadillac Eldorado. Anybody want to see second prize? Second
prize's a set of steak knives. Third prize is you're fired. You get the picture?
You laughing now? You got leads. Mitch and Murray paid good money. Get their
names to sell them! You can't close the leads you're given, you can't close
shit, you are shit. Hit the bricks, pal, and beat it 'cause you are going
out!...The leads are weak. 'The leads are weak.' Fucking leads are weak? You're
weak. I've been in this business fifteen years.FUCK YOU, that's my name!! You
know why, Mister? 'Cause you drove a Hyundai to get here tonight, I drove an
eighty thousand dollar BMW. That's my name!! And your name is 'you're wanting.'
And you can't play in a man's game. You can't close them, (whispering) Then go
home and tell your wife your troubles. Because only one thing counts in this
life! Get them to sign on the line which is dotted! You hear me, you fucking
faggots?  A-B-C. A-always, B-be, C-closing. Always be closing! Always be
closing! A-I-D-A. Attention, interest, decision, action. Attention: do I have
your attention? Interest: are you interested? I know you are 'cause it's fuck or
walk. You close or you hit the bricks! Decision: have you made your decision for
Christ?! And Action. A-I-D-A. Get out there! You got the prospects comin' in.
You think they came in to get out of the rain? A guy don't walk on the lot lest
he wants to buy. They're sitting out there waiting to give you their money! Are
you gonna take it? Are you man enough to take it? You're such a hero, you're so
rich. How come you're comin' down here and waste your time with such a bunch of
bums.You see this watch? You see this watch?...That watch cost more than your
car. I made $970,000 last year. How much you make? You see, pal, that's who I
am. And you're nothing. Nice guy? I don't give a shit. Good father? Fuck you --
go home and play with your kids\!\! You wanna work here? Close!! You think this
is abuse? You think this is abuse, you cocksucker? You can't take this -- how
can you take the abuse you get on a sit?\! You don't like it -- leave. I can go
out there tonight with the materials you got, make myself fifteen thousand
dollars! Tonight! In two hours\! Can you? Can you? Go and do likewise! A-I-D-A!!
Get mad, you son of a bitches! Get mad!! You know what it takes to sell real
estate? It takes brass balls to sell real estate. Go and do likewise, gents. The
money's out there, you pick it up, it's yours. You don't -- I got no sympathy
for you. You wanna go out on those sits tonight and close. Close! It's yours. If
not, you're gonna be shinin' my shoes. And you know what you'll be sayin', a bunch of losers sitting around in a bar: 'Oh yeah, I used to be a salesman. It's a tough racket. These are the new leads. These are the Glengarry leads.
And to you, they're gold, and you don't get them. Why? Because to give them to
you is just throwing them away. They're for closers. I'd wish you good luck,
but you wouldn't know what to do with it if you got it. And to answer your
question, pal: 'Why am I here?' I came here because Mitch and Murray asked me
to. They asked me for a favor. I said, the real favor, follow my advice and
fire your fuckin' ass because a loser is a loser.
