   Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they  charge us   A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET  SMART U.S.   Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S. health care and tax bills are being crafted  NOW   Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about.  Very nice   Iran is playing with fire they dont appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me   Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried  hard   Thank you We would love to have you    Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a lifeline in the form of the Iran Deal 150  billion   Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made  with them   Attending Chief Ryan Owens Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man   thank you   Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star   If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view NO FEDERAL  FUNDS   Do you believe it The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why I will study this  dumb deal   Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago   Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of  country   Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by  all.   Join me live from the    Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION 800 P.M.   When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet They should be ashamed of themselves No wonder D.C.  doesnt work   Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work a messjust like Dem  party   The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama  A.G.   The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many ma     Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country   I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 800  P.M. W.H.   If the ban were announced with a one week notice the bad would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad dudes out  there   There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study  the world   protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE  AGAIN   Only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer  outage.....   I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy   Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting    ...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World  War III.   The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain Lindsey Graham is wrong they are sadly weak on immigration.  The two...   Christians in the MiddleEast have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue   Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world a  horrible mess   Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with  dignity   Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. NeverForget    ...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will.  DISHONEST   Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to  its.....   The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election.  FAKE NEWS   I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you    Congratulations Secretary Mattis    Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day    . Mike Pence will be speaking at todays MarchForLife You have our full support    The MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching you have my full support   Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits little help on the very weak border must change  NOW   Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. We must do  better   MiamiDade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong    Will be interviewed by on at 1000pm tonight. Enjoy   Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w  Th     of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming  meeting.   The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a onesided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive  numbers...   Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling President Obama a weak leader.  Terrible   Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy    . first interview since taking office. Tonight on  tonight.     As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.    Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today      I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 oclock on Will be my first interview from the White House.     I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you   even those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time. Depending on results we will strengthen up voting  procedures   I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal  and....   Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall   If Chicago doesnt fix the horrible carnage going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016 I will send in  the Feds   Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS  public  is smart   Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today.    Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off     Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together we will MAGA    A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upperlower press hall. Thank you Abbas    Will be meeting at 900 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold  here   Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 900 A.M. to talk manufacturing in  America.   Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I dont always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their  views.   Wow television ratings just out 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4  years ago   Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election Why didnt these people vote Celebs hurt  cause badly.   Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to Wall long standing ovations amazing people.  WIN   RT Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of A     A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the  speech   THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    TO ALL AMERICANS    So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...   It is time to remember that...   We will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN HIRE AMERICAN InaugurationDay MAGA   We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth and we will bring back our dreams   The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on its going to be AmericaFirst   January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.   What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.   power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. InaugurationDay   Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another but we are  transferring...   It all begins today I will see you at 1100 A.M. for the swearingin. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES THE WORK BEGINS   Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. Inauguration    Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight a very special evening Together we are going to MAKE AM     Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family Inauguration2017    Great Concert at 400 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy   On my way Inauguration2017    the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great  journey for..   It wasnt Donald Trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time Stated today by Reverend Franklin  Graham.   Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.     Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner GodBlessTheUSA    Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter   Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House MaraLago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.     . was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks  Alabama   No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility   Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with Presidentelect Donald Trump the latest in a string...     to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEOs of those companies for real facts. Came back because  of me   Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed others that jobs are coming  back...   Will be interviewed by on  Enjoy   RT Thank you to for this incredible feature GolferinChief      RT . has the talent commitment and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the  promise of opportunity.   Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.   How Trump WonAnd How The Media Missed It    thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bushs swearingin....he doesnt believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound  familiar WP   John Lewis said about my inauguration It will be the first one that Ive missed. WRONG or lie He boycotted Bush 43 also  because he...   country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing big  stuff.   With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. even before taking office with all of the new auto plants coming back into  our.....   The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like  before.   People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday Friday and  Saturday     Trump is great a woman with real character and class.   At 900 P.M. of all places is doing a Special Report on my daughter Ivanka. Considering it is CNN cant imagine it will be  great    I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest  media   Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he  was   much worse just look at Syria red line Crimea Ukraine and the buildup of Russian nukes. Not good Was this the leaker of Fake  News   . Outgoing CIA Chief John Brennan blasts PresElect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand. Oh really  couldnt do...   . is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad  television   about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here when people make mistakes they should APOLOGIZE. Media should also  apologize   Thank you to Bob Woodward who said That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trumps right to be upset  angry...   For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL  CHANGE   will only get higher. Car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again.  WIN   The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that  number..   Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th Washington D.C. Have fun   Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested innercities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can  get   INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD    mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk no action or results.  Sad   Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart not  to......   A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total  support.   The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history   have been allowed to run guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states no  enthusiasm   What are Hillary Clintons people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should  never.....   released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90  days   Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both Democrats and Republicans FAKE NEWS Russia says nothing exists.  Probably...   It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being  sued....   All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not  mine   Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to RepealObamacare now its onto the House   . is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon  be gone   Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean.     James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up phony  facts.Too bad   amy3 Its Morning in America again Thank you PresidentElect Donald Trump So proud of you  THANKS   We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get whats  going on   Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi  Germany   I win an election easily a great movement is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry  state   Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA NO DEALS NO LOANS NO NOTHING   Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION UTTER NONSENSE. Very  unfair   BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable TrumpRussia Claims FakeNews    RT I have never been to Prague in my life. fakenews    FAKE NEWS A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT   Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12Yr. High    Small business optimism soars after Trump election    U.S. SmallBusiness Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980    Thank you to all of the men and women who protect serve our communities 247365 LawEnforcementAppreciationDay     An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.    Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford   Fiat C   Its finally happening Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest 1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. This  after...   groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest  media   Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed  him.......   Meryl Streep one of the most overrated actresses in Hollywood doesnt know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She  is a.....   Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful  developer   Dishonest media says Mexico wont be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is  fake   Before I or anyone saw the classified andor highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to So  serious   RT Watch our interview with Russia did not succeed in attempts to sway election     Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes.  Terrible    We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe      Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush. Very nice   I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain a longtime U.S. ally is very  special   Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump  supporter star   both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD   have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President Russia will respect us far more than they do now  and....   Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. Only stupid people or fools would think that it is bad  We.....   Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally  embarrassed   Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not  touched   Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong  defense   Happy Birthday    Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe   I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing  it.   Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go  this AM.   being a movie starand that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares he supported Kasich   Hillary   Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much  for....   Hopefully all supporters and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW   and knew they were in big trouble which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE  NEVER BEFORE   Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before  the......   The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall for sake of speed will be paid back by Mexico  later   So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers What is going on   The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by  Russia......   How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he Obama was presented Who gave them this report and why  Politics   Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja Mexico to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY Build plant in U.S. or pay big  border tax.   to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big  fan   The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange wrong. I simply state what he states it is for the  people....   ...time for Republicans Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works much less expensive FAR  BETTER   ...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor keep your plan  It is....   The Democrats lead by head clown Chuck Schumer know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix  it they..   Jackie Evanchos album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just dont understand the  Movement   massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight be  careful   like the 116 hike in Arizona. Also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Dont let the Schumer clowns out of  this web...   Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium  increases......   things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to H. A total double standard Media as usual gave them a pass.   Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the  terrible......   Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning much more  to follow    Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage Its very dishonest. Hannity More dishonest than  anyone knows   Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta why was DNC so careless Also said Russians did not give him the  info   The Intelligence briefing on socalled Russian hacking was delayed until Friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very  strange   I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.   Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America    There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the  battlefield.   Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for INNOVATION JOB CREATION.      Ford to scrap Mexico plant invest in Michigan due to Trump policies    ........may be their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater  importance DTS   With all that Congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog as unfair as it   The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is no longer affordable And it is lousy  healthcare.   People must remember that ObamaCare just doesnt work and it is not affordable 116 increases Arizona. Bill Clinton called it  CRAZY   General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealerstax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big  border tax   China has been taking out massive amounts of money wealth from the U.S. in totally onesided trade but wont help with North  Korea. Nice   North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It wont  happen   I thought and felt I would win big easily over the fabled 270 306. When they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did I.   Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong it all came together in the last week  and.....    just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover  photo of me   Chicago murder rate is record setting 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor cant do it he must ask for  Federal help   Well the New Year begins. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   RT 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace joy love and laughter.  Hap    RT Happy new year everyone. newyear family vacation familytime    RT 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family My beautiful wife made it even better      RT Happy New Year Gods blessings to you all. Looking forward to incredible things in 2017 will Make  America Great Again   RT On behalf of our next POTUS   HappyNewYear AMERICA     TO ALL AMERICANS HappyNewYear many blessings to you all Looking forward to a wonderful prosperous 2017 as we     RT Happy Birthday    Happy Birthday    Happy New Year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just dont know what to do.  Love   Russians are playing and for such fools funny to watch they dont have a clue totally gets it   Join founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1192017 in Washington D.C.    Great move on delay by V. Putin I always knew he was very smart   My Administration will follow two simple rules    Economists say Trump delivered hope    not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal and now this U.N. Stay strong Israel January 20th is fast  approaching   We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S.  but.......   Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth  transition NOT   The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7 THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS Thanks  Donald   President Obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN   The DJT Foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100 of money goes to wonderful  charities   I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation raised or recieved millions more ALL of which is given to charity and media wont  report   The world was gloomy before I won there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10 and Christmas spending is over a trillion  dollars   The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time.  So sad   President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY jobs leaving ISIS OCare  etc.   Merry Christmas and a very very very very Happy New Year to everyone   MerryChristmas    Happy Hanukkah    The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad but we will get it done  anyway   . purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.  Dishonest   Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems In my opinion it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity. So  true   slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. Such hatred When will the U.S. and all countries  fight back   The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime by Gods will we will slaughter you pigs I swear we  will......   As to the U.N. things will be different after Jan. 20th.   my presidency. Isnt this a ridiculous shame He loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. Wrong  answer   My wonderful son Eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest  with...   The socalled A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for Hillary NOTHING. I want the  PEOPLE   Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F35 I have asked Boeing to priceout a comparable F18 Super  Hornet   The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses  regarding nukes   Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually we will always be trying to  DTS.   The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont     I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive  people   I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the  loss   I would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote but would campaign  differently   Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong  states   Yes it is true Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A  GREAT GUY   especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states and more. They focused on  wrong states   Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong he called me with a very nice congratulations. He doesnt know  much ...   pence Congratulations to officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral  College   Graham Congratulations to Presidentelect the electoral votes are in and its official. Thank you  Franklin   RT TrumpTrain    We did it Thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate  media.   Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change  thinking   If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned called  terrible names   We should tell China that we dont want the drone they stole back. let them keep it   Thank you Alabama From now on its going to be AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase     RT Join Presidentelect Trump LIVE from Mobile Alabama via his Facebook page ThankYouTour2016 Watch     China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented  act.   Mobile Alabama today at 300 P.M. Last rally of the year THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected see  you there   E Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank  you   Last night in Orlando Florida was incredible massive crowd THANK YOU FLORIDA Today at 300 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last  rally   Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN ICYMI Watch     ThankYouTour2016  Tonight Orlando Florida Tickets  Tomorrow Mobile Alabama Tickets    Well we all did it together I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Lets set the all time  record   Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the  debate   Thank you Pennsylvania Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Watch here      Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm ThankYouTour2016 Tickets    If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act Why did they only complain after Hillary  lost   The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex when actually it isnt   Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year a great honor   Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down big trouble dead Graydon Carter no talent will  be out   . and in my Trump Tower office yesterday two great guys    Thank you Wisconsin My Administration will be focused on three very important words jobs jobs jobs Watch     RT Join PEOTUS Trump VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis Wisconsin ThankYouTour2016 MAGA      Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama ThankYouTour2016  Tickets    The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign  governments.   Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes   I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary  of State.   I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy  times   Presidency. Two of my children Don and Eric plus executives will manage them. No new deals will be done during my terms in  office.   Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on  the......   I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.   The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest.  Scam   ThankYouTour2016  Tue West Allis WI.  Thur Hershey PA.  Fri Orlando FL.  Sat Mobile AL.  Tickets    The F35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after  January 20th.   Unless you catch hackers in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasnt this brought up before  election   Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the RussiaCIA card. It would be called conspiracy  theory   Just watched  So biased inaccurate and bad point after point. Just cant get much worse although is right  up there   Will be interviewed on at 1000 P.M. Enjoy   Whether I choose him or not for State Rex Tillerson the Chairman CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker.  Stay tuned   I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over JOHN WON   Being at the Army Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats  to Army   I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 1000 Eastern Network. ENJOY   RT Sunday our exclusive interview with Presidentelect Watch on at 2p10p ET Check your     October 2015 thanks Chris Wallace    RT Counting down the days until the swearing in of  pence. Check in here for the latest  updates. myfirstTweet MAGA   A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.    Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous untrue FAKE NEWS   As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The ArmyNavy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun   I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO  TIME   . one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for  State.   Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Watch     Thank you Louisiana Get out vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal     Join me live in Louisiana Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate.    THANK YOU IOWA ThankYouTour2016    Join me tomorrow MAGA 10am Baton Rouge LA. Tickets 7pm Grand Rapids MI. Tickets     On my way to Des Moines Iowa will see you soon with pence. Join us Tickets ThankYouTour2016   Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be  missed.   If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time workingless time talking.  Reduce dues   Chuck Jones who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee  country   Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice PresidentElect pence at 700pm ThankYouTour2016 MAGA     We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...     I will be interviewed on the at 730. Enjoy   A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you ICYMI watch here    Departing New York with General James Mad Dog Mattis for tonights rally in Fayetteville North Carolina See you     Masa said he would never do this had we Trump not won the election   Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to invest 50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs....   Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm ThankYouTour2016 Tickets    Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control more than 4 billion. Cancel  order   ThankYouTour2016  126 North Carolina  128 Iowa  129 Michiga    If the press would cover me accurately honorably I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly I dont know if that will ever  happen   I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development     their country the U.S. doesnt tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea I dont think  so   Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete heavily tax our products  going into..   . will be rerunning Objectified Donald Trump the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 800 P.M.  Enjoy   The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise  money   expensive mistake THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS   these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a  very ...   wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult  but.....   without retribution or consequence is WRONG There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 for these companies ......   fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......   The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another  country   Just tried watching Saturday Night Live unwatchable Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just cant get any  worse. Sad   Our great VPE pence is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in  Washington.   State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today election next Saturday.    Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW heroworldchallenge Great to have you back Tiger   Special   Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country.  No more   Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.   The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you   Thank you Ohio Together we made history and now the real work begins. America will start winning again     Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me Tickets    Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.   My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe   Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners   Donald Trump is already helping the working class    RT Great interview on by w Carrier employee who has a message for PEOTUS     Presidentelect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross Todd Ricketts     Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 700pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU Tickets     Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important  task   do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various  businesses..   great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN While I am not mandated  to ....   I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be  leaving my ...   ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our  country.   Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks  Carrier   I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for  workers   PresidentElect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation    PresidentElect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.      RT Back to Cincinnati Ohio this Thursday 12116 at 7pm for PEOTUS s ThankYouTour2016 Join us     My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe   Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag if they do there must be consequences perhaps loss of citizenship or year in  jail   I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however since election they  are worse   The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory   306   . is so embarrassed by their total 100 support of Hillary Clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they dont know what  to do.     There is NO QUESTION THAT voterfraud did take place and in favor of CorruptHillary      Pathetic you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud shame Bad  reporter.    just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist  still doesnt get it. They will never  learn    what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes Journalist Do your  job    Just met with General Petraeuswas very impressed   If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the CubanAmerican people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate  deal.   Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California so why isnt the media reporting on this Serious bias big  problem   states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are  forgotten   It would have been much easier for me to win the socalled popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in  3 or 4   In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted  illegally   Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent same  result Sad   this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said We have to accept the results and look to the future  Donald    of position. Then separately she stated He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the  results of    during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that  kind    and fair elections. Weve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone  standing on a    Hillarys debate answer on delay That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. Weve had  free    Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing  will change   The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so  anymore   The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated   demoralized Dems   Fidel Castro is dead   I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. Indiana. MAKING PROGRESS Will  know soon   Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th     Bus crash in Tennessee so sad so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be  remembered   I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. Ive gotten to know him wellhes a greatly talented person who loves  people   The meeting with the is back on at 1230 today. Look forward to it   Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General    Presidentelect Donald J. Trumps CIA Director Garners Praise    Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next  8 years.   The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that but why  announce   Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty  tone   I cancelled todays meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment.  Not nice   Many people would like to see Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great  job   Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a  big deal   . update and policy plans for the first 100 days.    I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done.  Good news   General James Mad Dog Mattis who is being considered for Secretary of Defense was very impressive yesterday. A true Generals  General   I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally onesided biased show nothing funny at all. Equal time  for us   Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible  behavior   The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence.  Apologize   Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not  happen   The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U.  Too bad   I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our  country.   Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   RT Presidentelect Trump announces selections for Attorney General National Security Advisor CIA Director. More  here    I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in  me   Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky   no Mexico   My transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. MAGA   Australia New Zealand and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their  coverage of me.   I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia  Japan   The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders.   I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story.   Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists  are   The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much  different   If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more  easily   The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us  the win   I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game 700 P.M. Enjoy   The states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said  this   Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were  incredible   Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice   Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice   The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change doubt it   Wow the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump  phenomena   This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win   Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. ThankAVet    Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government   Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be  proud   Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very  unfair   A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot   Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps Thank you for your service    Such a beautiful and important evening The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as  never before   Watching the returns at 945pm. ElectionNight MAGA    RT Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States Make your voice heard and vote     RT Join my family in this incredible movement to MakeAmericaGreatAgain Now it is up to you Please VOTE for Americ     RT FINAL PUSH Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing GET OUT AND VOTE MAGA  ElectionDay    Still time to VoteTrump iVoted ElectionNight    Dont let up keep getting out to vote this election is FAR FROM OVER We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA   Just out according to Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country   I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting   ElectionDay    We need your vote. Go to the POLLS Lets continue this MOVEMENT Find your poll location      VOTE TODAY Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again     TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House Thank you MI     RT Thanks New Hampshire NH NewHampshire MAGA    RT . in Michigan This is your movement     Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire THANK YOU Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here     Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight Polls looking great See you soon.   Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression cont     Thank you Pennsylvania Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here      LIVE on Periscope Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out VOTE tomorrow. LETS MAGA    Hey Missouri lets defeat Crooked Hillary  Koster supports Obamacare amnesty Vote outsider Navy SEAL     America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider    What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him    Why Trump    I love you North Carolina thank you for your amazing support Get out and tomorrow Watch     On my way    Just landed in North Carolina heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain     Starting tomorrow its going to be AmericaFirst Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida Watch here     Thank you for you support Virginia In ONE DAY get out and VoteTrumpPence16 ICYMI      Thank you Pennsylvania I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAGA     Thank you Michigan This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again its our last chance to DrainTheSwamp Watch     Our American comeback story begins 11816. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT again for everyone Watch     Thank you Minnesota It is time to DrainTheSwamp MAGA ICYMI watch    MONDAY 1172016  Scranton Pennsylvania at 530pm.  Grand Rapids Michigan at 11pm.    Thank you Iowa Get out VoteTrumpPence16    RT Thank you New Hampshire    Van Jones There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall It Has to Do With Trade    Great night in Denver Colorado thank you Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ICYMI watch rally here     RT Join LIVE in Denver Colorado via his Facebook page we are here MakeAmericaGreatAgain     Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN AmericaFirst     Join me live in Reno Nevada    JOIN ME TOMORROW MINNESOTA 2pm  MICHIGAN 6pm  VIRGINIA 930p    DrainTheSwamp    Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics No Vision    Must Act Immediately Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law    Watch Coach Mike Ditka a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on WattersWorld with    Thank you Wilmington North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE youve been waiting for your entire life     Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida ICYMI watch here      Join me in Denver Colorado tonight at 930pm  NEW Scranton Pennsylvania Monday 530pm    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Thank you Hershey Pennsylvania. Get out VOTE on November 8th we will MAGA RallyForRiley ICYMI watch here     Join me in Denver Colorado tomorrow at 930pm Tickets    Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE    The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.     Thank you Ohio VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States Watch     If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary we would all be much better  off   ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE    Thank you NH We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal alienssave American lives Watc     Clinton Aides Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails    RT Mrs. Sauciers son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. did FAR WORSE      The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice DrainTheSwamp    Join me today in Wilmington Ohio at 4pm  Tomorrow Tampa Florida at 10am    There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach Thank you Selma North Carolina ICYMI watch here     RT . confirms FBI found emails on AnthonyWeiner computer related to Hillary Clinton server that are new   not previously reviewed.   Join me in Wilmington Ohio tomorrow at 400pm It is time to DrainTheSwamp Tickets      CrookedHillary is unfit to serve.    Thank you Concord North Carolina When WE win on November 8th we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going t     Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.     Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs fixing Obamacare Get back to work for the American  people   ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesnt work I will REPEAL AND  REPLACE   My wife Melania will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting big crowds I will be watching from North Carolina.   Thank you Arlene We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ImWithYou DrainTheSwamp    RT Lineberger Thanks for coming to help win Michigan More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24  hours    MakeAmericaGreatAgain 6Days    Thank you Orlando Florida We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch     After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillarys corruption is closing in. DrainTheSwamp    Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP postelection    It pays to have friends in high places like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. DrainTheSwamp     Thank you Miami In 6 days we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA and we are going to win back the White     Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on  us all.    Evangelical women live at trumptower      Billygrahams grand daughter SupportsTrump So nice thank you Cissy Graham Lynch   Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 emails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty cannot run. Rigged  system   I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary costs will  triple   You can change your vote in six states. So now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   Join me in Florida tomorrow  MIAMI12pm  ORLANDO4pm  PENSACOLA7p    Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor It is time to DrainTheSwamp MAGA     RT Join LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov.   Coach Bobby Knight LIVE     WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to dump emails. Time to DrainTheSwamp    Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged    Mika Brzezinski Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There    Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats    Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare    Kept me out of jail Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman    . is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.   ICYMI Governor pence and I were in Valley Forge Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here    So terrible that Crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front  page news   JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA  MIAMI12pm  ORLANDO4pm  PENSACOLA7p    Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33000 emails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress.  RIGGED   Wow now leading in  Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blowup   Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the email case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad  judgement   Wow I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP Watch    ObamacareFail HillarycareFail    Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan ICYMI watch    25 Million raised online in just one week RECORD WEEK. DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute     Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900 wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing     Hillarys Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In 28 Million For Clinton Foundation DrainTheSwamp    Join me tomorrow in Michigan  Grand Rapids at 12pm  Warren at 3pm    Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening thank you. Get out VOTE DrainTheSwamp Watch rally      I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on He is a lionhearted warrior who  inspires hope   Thank you Greeley CO REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption Watch     Thank you Las Vegas Nevada I love you Departing for Greeley Colorado now. Get out VOTE ICYMI watch here     See you tomorrow Michigan  Grand Rapids MI tomorrow at noon  Warren MI tomorrow at 3pm    Wow Twitter Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media   Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming should not have  delayed   We are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday great in  states   Great day in Colorado Arizona. Will be in Nevada Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow join me Tickets    THANK YOU Phoenix Arizona Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100     So nice great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you    Departing Golden CO. for Arizona now after an unbelievable rally. Watch here Overflow     ObamacareFail    Tomorrow  Las Vegas NV 11a Greeley CO 4p Albuquerque NM 7p    In my mind DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. PhilRobertson of TVs DuckDynasty Thank you  Phil   I am in Colorado big day planned but nothing can be as big as yesterday   Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow or Arizona at 3pm  TICKETS Golden Phoenix    Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER The time for change is NOW We are going to    BOMBSHELL FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClintons email server after new discovery   Just landed in Iowa speaking soon   We must not let CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. DrainTheSwamp    Just out Neera Tanden Hillary Clinton adviser said Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring   RT REPORT WSJ The Cold Clinton Reality...    Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare   If my people said the things about me that Podesta Hillarys people said about her I would fire them out of self respect. Bad  instincts   Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids Iowa at 7pm  Phoenix Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm     FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service FBI or  Dallaspolice   Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr     Join on Facebook watch tonights rally from Geneva Ohio our 3rd rally of the day. AmericaFirst MAGA     Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. DrainTheSwamp    People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums. Repeal and  replace   I will be interviewed on tonight at 800 P.M. Enjoy   I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback support. Lets MAGA     Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to DrainTheSwamp MAGA    Join me in Cedar Rapids Iowa tomorrow at 700pm MAGA    ICYMI I agree To all Americans I see you I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to DrainTheSwamp with me on 118.     Thank you Springfield Ohio. Get out and VoteTrumpPence16 ICYMI watch here    Join me live in Springfield Ohio    Inside Bill Clinton Inc. Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. DrainTheSwamp    JOIN ME MAGA TODAY Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids IA     I agree To all Americans I see you I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to DrainTheSwamp w me on 118.     Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President    WikiLeaks DripDrop Releases Prove One Thing Theres No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clintons Dishonesty and Scandals     A lot of callins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on   Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to DrainTheSwamp Get out VOTE     RT Tune into right now to catch a great interview with my father the entire family VoteTrumpPence16     Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina thank you Get out and VOTE You can watch tonights rally here     Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon ICYMI I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech     Hillary said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by USSS. Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to     JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW Springfield1pm  Toledo4pm  Geneva7pm    REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE   Thank you Tallahassee Florida A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT Get out VOTE ICYMI watch here    Thank you Sanford Florida. Get out VOTE TrumpPence16 ICYMI watch this afternoons rally here    REPEAL AND REPLACE ObamaCareInThreeWords   I have met spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday    Get your ballots in Colorado I will see you soon and we will win MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008. Time to DrainTheSwamp    Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary cant ObamacareFailed   Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. MAGA     Obamacare is a disaster as Ive been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal replace ObamacareFail    ObamacareFail    Obamacare is a disaster Time to repeal replace ObamacareFail    ObamacareFail    ObamacareFail    Get out and vote I am your voice and I will fight for you We will make America great again    Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25 next year    Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal replace     As election looms some bad news for Clinton Democrats    Record crowd in Tampa Florida thank you We will WIN FLORIDA DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA     Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done     My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability CHANGE to Washington DrainTheSwamp     Peter Navarro Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear DrainTheSwamp    Democratic operative caught on camera Hillary PERSONALLY ordered Donald Duck troll campaign that broke the law     Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee Florida  Sanford at 3pm  Tallahassee at 6pm    THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida Get out and VOTE Join the MOVEMENT and lets DrainTheSwamp Off to Tampa now     Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida Lets DrainTheSwamp MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Honored to receive an endorsement from  thank you Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT AG     Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience    Leaving West Palm Beach Florida now heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm join me     The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations PayToPlay DrainTheSwamp    Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out VOTE lets MAGA EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY     Get out to VOTE on 1182016 and we will DrainTheSwamp RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43 Clinton 41    We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Dont let them fool you get out and vote DrainTheSwamp on November 8th   Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump  will win   Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN   Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen   ISIS   Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife    Clinton Charity Got Up To 56 Million From Nations That Are AntiWomen Gays CrookedHillary    Thank you Naples Florida Get out and VOTE TrumpPence16 on 118. Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain Full Naples rally     The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and  WIN AGAIN   CrookedHillary PayToPlay    Join me in Naples Florida this evening at 600pm Tickets    Remember get out on November 8th VOTE TrumpPence16. It is time to DrainTheSwamp this is our last chance     Former Prosecutor The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead    Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal EDITORIAL Donald Trump for president via    Well Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesnt happen if Im  president   If you cant run your own house you certainly cant run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary  Clinton   Thank you for the massive turnout tonight Cleveland Ohio Get out VOTE TrumpPence16 on 118. Watch rally here     WikiLeaks ClintonKaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick    Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House    Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems    Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio join Governor Pence and I now LIVE via    Hillary Clinton Architect of failure DrainTheSwamp CrookedHillary    Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you Next stop Cleveland Ohio.    In order to DrainTheSwamp create a new GOVERNMENT of by for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE Go to   LETS MAGA   Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter our economy will be STRONG our people will be SAFE.     Change has to come from outside our very broken system. MAGA    Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List    Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania DrainTheSwamp    Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets DrainTheSwamp and MakeAmericaGreatAgain     Will be in Cleveland Ohio w pence tonight join us  Naples Floridatomorrow 6pm    I Voted for DonaldTrump Arizona Economy Immigration Jobs Veterans BorderControl Trade      Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE     The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever watch what happens   Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow to  Gettysburg   Governor Pence and I will be in Cleveland Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm join us MAGA Tickets    Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown Pennsylvania. Get out VOTE on 11816. Lets MAGA Watch     CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation     WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters DrainTheSwamp CrookedHillary     Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy Acting DNC chair says people are more in despair about how things are    Crooked Hillary Clinton created this mess and she knows it. DrainTheSwamp    Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog Time to DrainTheSwamp     VERY IRONIC In 2010 video Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information     Great crowd in Johnstown Pennsylvania thank you. Get out VOTE on 118 Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon     A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest.    CrookedHillary was at center of negotiating 12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn.     Great crowd in Fletcher North Carolina thank you Heading to Johnstown Pennsylvania now Get out on November 8th     The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous I WON Thank you these are very exciting times.   Huma calls it a MESS the rest of us call it CORRUPT WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act again. DrainTheSwamp     Hillary Obamas Broken Promises. RepealObamacare    In addition to those without health coverage those that have disastrous Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR     RT On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain EarlyVote     RT When Obama took office in 2009 employerprovided premiums cost 13375. Today they are 18142. Thanks Obama.   Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. Well create 25M jobs when Im president and I will DELIVER     Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the back Probably not. Dont forget her slog     Trump won the third debate    UPCOMING RALLIES JOIN ME  TOMORROW Fletcher NC 12pm.  SATURDAY Cleveland OH 7pm.    ICYMI OHIO RALLY Watch here    Want access to Crooked Hillary Dont forget its going to cost you DrainTheSwamp PayToPlay    Thank you Delaware County Ohio Remember either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country     If elected POTUS I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country In order to do this we need to    Why didnt Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions she secretly used them Crooked  Hillary.   Thank you America MAGA  Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43 Hillary Clinton 40    Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to     Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal Watch    The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll TRUMP 77 18290 CLINTON 17 4100 DrainTheSwamp Debate    Join the MOVEMENT to MAGA    Great poll thank you America Once we DrainTheSwamp together we will MAGADebate    That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Join my team over on my Facebook page live now Debates    The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of AmericanUnity. First we need to    We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. BigLeagueTruth   I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do. MAGA debate   HILLARYS HEALTH CARE POLICIES DrainTheSwamp Debate    RT . is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE DrainTheSwamp     We have to repeal replace Obamacare Look at what is doing to people DrainTheSwamp    ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees and will allow it to happen h     The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp    Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES Debates    USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change BigLeagueTruth  Debate   I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG What has our leadership been doing DrainTheSwamp    RT What They Are Saying About s GREAT Debate and s Bad Performance     After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise she now claims shell defeat them LAUGHABLE Heres my plan     RT Her instincts are suboptimal.    I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else shes supported it was a DISASTER.    BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp    Bernie Sanders on HRC Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC Bad Instincts. BigLeagueTruth Debate   HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. BigLeagueTruth LIBYA SYRIA IRAN IRAQ ASIA PIVOT RUSSIAN RESET BENGHAZI     Hillary says take back Mosul We would have NEVER lost Mosul if it wasnt for CrookedHillary. DrainTheSwamp     RT LIVE FACTCHECK Trumps RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. DrainTheSwamp     You should give the money back DrainTheSwamp    Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST DrainTheSwamp   Debate   Crooked s foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to DrainTheSwamp BigLeagueTruth  Debate   Moderator Respectfully you wont answer the paytoplay question. Debate BigLeagueTruth   . loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTONS It is time to DrainTheSwamp Debates     Shell say anything and change NOTHING MAGA BigLeagueTruth    I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years Debate BigLeagueTruth     Crookeds camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents werent spontaneous like she claimed in Benghazi     CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET BigLeagueTruth Debate    Brought to you by  her campaign in Chicago Illinois. BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp    RT . will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years Debate     Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore bc of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she  blessed   Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that Not a c     . has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been BigLeagueTruth   CrookedHillary gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII... BigLeagueTruth     THE CHOICE IS CLEAR BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp    RT CrookedHillarys plan will add 1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her DrainTheSwamp Debate     I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again.  Debate   This is what we can expect from CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. BigLeageTruth DrainTheSwamp Debates     BigLeagueTruth    .s tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes BIG LEAGUE.    . talking about jobs Remember what she promised upstate New York. BigLeagueTruth Debates    . has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will MakeAmericaStrongAgain Debate     Moderator Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. Debate BigLeagueTruth   . you have failed failed and failed. BigLeagueTruth Time to DrainTheSwamp    Hillary has called for 550 more Syrian immigrants but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists. Debate     Hey  WE AGREE BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp    Moderator Hillary paid 225000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote Debate  BigLeagueTruth   RT . wants a SAFE America w stronger borders no amnesty and an END to sanctuary cities. He is     TRUMP CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION Debate BigLeagueTruth    Hillary is too weak to lead on border securityno solutions no ideas no credibility.She supported NAFTA worst deal in US history.  Debate   Plain Simple We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.    One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. Debate MAGA   Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put    Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me. Debate BigLeagueTruth   RT . is PROLIFE PROFAMILY BigLeagueTruth Debates2016    SecondAmendment 2A Debates    It is so imperative that we have the right justices. DrainTheSwamp DebatesBigLeagueTruth    . lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. Debate  BigLeagueTruth   RT . will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution Debate BigLeagueTruth DrainTheSwamp     The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. Debate BigLeagueTruth   Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history debate DrainTheSwamp    Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. Debate MAGA   This is an incredible MOVEMENT WE are going to take our country BACK November8th BigLeagueTruth Debate    Tune in at and get the word out BigLeagueTruth Debate Help us spread the TRUTH stop the     I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonights debate MakeAmericaGreatAgain   UNBELIEVABLE Clinton campaign contractor caught in voterfraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times     Over 250000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to Obamacare    Join my team tonight at 830pmE    I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT     I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST so we close all the LOOPHOLES DrainTheSwamp    Obamacare premiums increasing 33 in Pennsylvania a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced    Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician    Join me in Delaware Ohio tomorrow at 1230pm DrainTheSwamp Tickets    Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on ProSanders Civil Rights Leader DrainTheSwamp    Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times DrainTheSwamp    State works hard and illegally for Clinton DrainTheSwamp    Scandals surround Clintons gatekeeper at State DrainTheSwamp    The State Departments shadow government DrainTheSwamp    More AntiCatholic Emails From Team Clinton    It is time to DrainTheSwamp    Food Groups Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender    DrainTheSwamp    Time to DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and VOTE TrumpPence16 on 1182016. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE     Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. DrainTheSwamp    Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server DrainTheSwamp    Trump rally disrupter was once on Clintons payroll    RT It is time to DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C Vote Nov. 8th to take down the RIGGED system     Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count     FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR WV Its the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at    RT Nevada A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote      Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks    If we let Crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. DrainTheSwamp     Paytoplay. Collusion. Coverups. And now bribery So CROOKED. I will DrainTheSwamp.    I will Make Our Government Honest Again believe me. But first Im going to have to DrainTheSwamp in DC.    41 of American voters believe the election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud.   Politico   Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO     Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.    EXCLUSIVE FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation    Get rich quick Crooked Hillary Clintons pay to play guide    Yet more evidence of a mediarigged election    My wife Melania will be interviewed tonight at 800pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy   I will sign the first bill to repeal Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates   Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team    Join me in Colorado Springs Colorado tomorrow at 100pm MAGA Tickets    Crooked Hillary colluded wFBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. Its a RiggedSystem Our country d     New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with madeup stories and lies and  got caught   Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash    State Department official accused of offering quid pro quo in Clinton email scandal    RT Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami     Wow new polls just came out from Great numbers especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 44.   RT CORRUPTION CONFIRMED FBI confirms State Dept. offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails     Voter fraud Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the  questions   Unbelievable.    RT BREAKING State Departments Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails FBI documents     WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged RIGGED     We have all got to come together and win this election. We cant have four more years of Obama or worse.   Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on So  naive    Peter Thiel chooses now to give 1.25mil in support of Trump    Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April This is all yet another hoax.   Terrible    Watch Joe Bidens Long History Of Grabbing Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing    Cant believe these totally phoney stories 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press have  impact   ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all    Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning     Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary email probe.Such a dishonest person  Paul Ryan  does zilch   Finally in the new ABC NewsWashington Post Poll Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at  4743   Paul Ryan a man who doesnt know how to win including failed run four years ago must start focusing on the budget military  vets etc.   The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican  nominee   Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday Green Bay 6pm Colorado Springs 1pm     The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.     The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary but also at many polling  places SAD   Weve all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama     Hillarys staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security     A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill 1 million for his birthday SO CORRUPT     They let Crooked the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the coverup is just as bad. Unbelievable     Election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened  into news   Polls close but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging  election   Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging  election    Go Mr. Trump Israel is behind you   Thank you for sharing Amy.    A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy MAGA   Thank you Bangor Maine Get out VoteTrumpPence16 on 11816 and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A     The failing reporters dont even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the  way   Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women  than me   The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth New Hampshire w 7K supporters. THANK YOU This is the biggest election of our lifetime     Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country.   The truth is a beautiful weapon.    RT Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolinain front of a massive crowd. He goes ondelivers the b     Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged  election   Will be in Bangor Maine today at 3pm join me MAGA Tickets    This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked  Hillary   100 fabricated and madeup charges pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign may poison the minds of the American  Voter. FIX   Thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you Charlotte North Carolina We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all     Make sure youre registered to vote Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain We cant afford more years of FAILURE All info     Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop Charlotte MAGA    WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTICATHOLIC BIGOTRY    Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA     Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio TrumpRally MAGA    Join me in Greensboro North Carolina tomorrow at 200pm TrumpRally    RT This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c     Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act Obamacare is no longer affordable. Ive been saying this for years  disaster   Great event in Columbus taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out thank you OHIO NBCWSJMARIST POLL Trump 42  Clinton 41   Just left a great rally in Florida now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.   I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach Florida at noon. Tune in   Thank you MAGA AmericaFirst    Join me in Ohio Maine Cincinnati Ohio tonight 730pm Bangor Maine Saturday 3pm     The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH   Why didnt the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not  happen   I will be in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow night at 730pm join me OhioVotesEarly VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets    The MOVEMENT in Lakeland Florida. Voter registration extended to 1018. REGISTER ASAP       The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obamas Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are  restored.   PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. CrookedHillary    Very little pickup by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest Rigged system   Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years why didnt she do them   Thank you Florida a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out    Join me Thursday in Florida Ohio West Palm Beach FL at noon Cincinnati OH this 730pm     Wow Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary CNN  FRAUD   Thank you Texas If you havent registered to VOTE today is your last day. Go to  get ou     VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at and get out to    DONT LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.    Crookeds State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable    RT 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.  Register    I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.   In Texas now leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida   The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary I gave he won then dropped me over locker room  remarks   Wow. Unbelievable.    Disloyal Rs are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win I will teach  them   With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the  Republicans   It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.   RT 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.  Register    Our very weak and ineffective leader Paul Ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.   Despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support   Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before VoteTrumpPence16 on 11816 together     Is this really America Terrible    Wow got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest   Debate polls look great thank you MAGA AmericaFirst    CNN is the worst fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.    Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican  nominee   Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting   Thank you St. Louis Missouri MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT pence Congrats to my running mate on a big debate win Proud to stand with you as we MAGA.   RT RT if you agree WON the Debate BIG LEAGUE MAGA    RT Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. debates   RT Its US vs. them will fight for you BigLeagueTruth Debates   MY PROGROWTH Econ Plan Eliminate excessive regulations Lean government Lower taxes Debates    Hypocrite is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history by far. debate bigleaguetruth   RT Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her campaign. debates   RT She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people.      RT After a decent first debate is back to form pedantic lawyerly technocratic woefully  untruthful responses.   Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. BigLeagueTruth debate   RT WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES TrumpTrain Debates2016    How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans Deplorables BigLeagueTruth Debate   This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama Debate   We agree  SHELL Hillary Clinton SAY ANYTHING CHANGE NOTHING. ITS TIME TO TURN THE PAGE President Obama   If is president shell be all talk and nothing will get done. Debate BigLeagueTruth   FACT on red line in Syria HRC I wasnt there. Fact line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13.     In my administration EVERY American will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally Debate BigLeagueTruth   RT Its hard to fight terrorism when youre making cash payments to the worlds LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under     RT . had her chance and she BLEW IT. BigLeagueTruth Debates    RT We are going to be THRIVING again.  BigLeagueTruth Debates2016    We cannot let this evil continue Debates2016    This is the definition of ransom    RT Is debating Crooked or the moderators and   rattledhillary   The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest.    Here are Hillary Clintons accomplishments at the State Department. Debates2016 RattledHillary    RT RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPSFLOPS     RT . is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. is going to LOWER your taxes BIG L     History lesson Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one his nickname is Hone     Were going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. Shes raising your taxes and Im lowering your taxes     YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION Debates2016    Hypocrite claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. Debate   I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the of times the moderators interrupted me com     . ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING Debates2016    . ICYMI WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT. Pence MAGA    RT ONLY will end what even called a CRAZY SYSTEM. BigLeagueTruth Debate     CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world BigLeagueTruth Debates2016    RT ATTN  Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY BigLeagueTruth Debates   . is NOT above the law Debates2016    RT We agree with Bill ObamaCare is the craziest thing in the world. BigLeagueTruth Debates2016     . Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. Debate   We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. debate MAGA   Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell ObamaCare. Debates2016    ATTN  Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY BigLeagueTruth Debates   Hillarys 33000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails. debate   Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. CrookedHillary   If I winI am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like  your lies.   RT RT if you believe is the one who owes America an apology BigLeagueTruth Debates     Donald J. Trumps History Of Empowering Women BigLeagueTruth    Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunatethe Clintons actions were  far worse   RT Quite simply mistreats women. BigLeagueTruth Debate2016      Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. debate BigLeagueTruth   RT . is here to talk about the REAL issues BigLeagueTruth Debates2016    Its this simple. Make America Great Again. debate BigLeagueTruth   RT . just claimed she has a positive optimistic view for America. Debates    My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonights debate MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Join me on FacebookLive as I conclude my final debate preparations.    The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued     Exclusive VideoBroaddrick Willey Jones to Bills Defenders These Are Crimes Terrified of Enabler Hillary     LA Times USC Dornsife Sunday Poll Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary    So many selfrighteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers and elections go down    This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN    GOP traitors Not supporting U is voting for her destroying America.    politicians dont count. Its the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.    Republican leadership should have only one job Help elect the nominee we voted for Donald J.  Trump.    I am a woman who continues to support stand with Trump dtmag Thank  you.   EXCLUSIVE Video Interview Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes    Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership. Thank you.   Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal   RT Hillary calls Trumps remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a Rapist. Her actions are horrific.   RT How many times must it be said Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad thingsHRC threatened me after BC raped  me.   The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN  MAGA   Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours   Here is my statement.    Thoughts prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen      Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 121. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP  nominee   New National Rasmussen Poll    Thank you Tennessee MAGA    VOTE TrumpPence16 on 11816    Donald Trump A President for All Americans    Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus Ohio. Im incredibly grateful to have so many     RT Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. Ohio    Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful.   New Virginia poll thank you We are going to show the whole world that America is back BIGGER and BETTER and S     Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon join me Ambridge WilkesBarre     Nations Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers ICE Make FirstEver Presidential Endorsement    Such a great honor    Amazing rally in Reno Nevada thank you. Make sure you get out on 118 VOTE TrumpPence16. Together we will put     Reuters polling just out thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you South Carolina Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11816. MakeAmericaGreatAgain    EARLY VOTING MN IA already underway more states coming up in the next week OH ME AZ IN check wlocal officials for details   VOTE   Small business says Trump is their pick for president    Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona  yesterday   Bill Clinton is right Obamacare is crazy doesnt work and doesnt make sense. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.   Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page     About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out thank you Join the MOVEMENT    Beautiful morning thank you    The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big   Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike   RT pence History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. VPDebate     RT RT if you agree   are WRONG for America VPDebate MAGA    RT .s Abortion FlipFlops From Valuing The Sanctity of Life ProAbortion Demagogue VPdebate      Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts Pence vs the other guy...so obvious So true    ..Kaine is awful Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies we are ready to see America  Great Again   Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department VPDebate BigLeagueTruth    CFJ That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty Vote for    .s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk VPDebate BigLeagueTruth   CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA VPDebate   RT ObamaClinton FAILED foreign policy Bad nuclear deal Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror Sharing     RT .  think youre Deplorables BasementDwellers.  pence think yo     CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY VPDebate   Sanctions Relief From ClintonObama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists BigLeagueTruth VPDebate   . is wrong for defense BigLeagueTruth VPDebate   ICYMI PENCE I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.    . is the ANTIDEFENSE SENATOR. VPDebate BigLeagueTruth    RT We need STRONG BROADSHOULDERED leadership like pence  in the White House VPDebate     CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE VPDebate   RT In s own words Debates2016    .pence and I will defeat ISIS. VPDebate   WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE VPDebate   I agree Mike thank you to all of our law enforcement officers VPDebate  Police officers are the best of us... Pence   . Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. VPDebate BigLeagueTruth   RT Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD. pence VPDebate  BigLeagueTruth     Pence is so prepared He did his homework to outperform Kaine.   RT Law enforcement officers bring communities together keep us safe. pence  RESPECT stand     RT . wants to tough on crime fails to talk about defending rapists and murders VPDebate   . oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179249 while pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113826.       good    No she only gets Americans killed Benghazi we need MAGA    Loving pence hes so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull   lcnixon67 Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.    I want a youre fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax s.    .pence is doing a great job so far no contest    .pence  are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people     Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies     I agree. Kaine looks like a fool   RT . has a paytoplay problem just like Crooked VPDebates BigLeagueTruth     joey  is so angry. Our pence looks great. kaine cant defend all those lies  makeamericagreatagain   RT pence Theres one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. VPDebate     RT Pence is right. Clinton Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated  such an extension.    pence is so much more likeable than Kaine cbsnews     Great opening Pence    pence Wow Kaine couldnt go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running.  bengazi   . I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.   Both are looking good Now we begin   I will be livetweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Wow is so negative. Their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. Im turning to where we get a fair shake Mike will  do great   Wow did you just hear Bill Clintons statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND  REPLACE   Thank you ARIZONA This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE     My childcare plan makes a difference for working families more money more freedom. AmericaFirst means    I will be watching the great Governor Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 830pm est Enjoy   Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 330pm AmericaFirst MAGA Tickets    Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 330pm at the RenoSparks Convention Center MAGA Tickets    Thank you Colorado MAGA     We must bring the truth directly to hardworking Americans who want to take our country back. BigLeagueTruth     Thank you Pueblo Colorado TrumpRally AmericaFirst    Join me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 1130am MAGA Tickets    Just announced that Iraq U.S. is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this Makes mission much  harder   Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the  world.   Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.    . There will be MASSIVE turnout for you Mr. Trump These polls dont register the pulse of the  PEOPLE   I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and  DOJ   I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. failing   Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Wow just saw the really bad ratings. People dont want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.   The socalled Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio sound level was very bad. So why didnt they  fix it   I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally onesided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.   Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you.     I believe in AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern workingclas     Thank you Novi Michigan Get out and VOTE TrumpPence16 on 118. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN     Thank you for your support on my way now See you soon. TrumpTrain    Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm TrumpRally    For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer  the call   Why isnt Hillary 50 points ahead Maybe its the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of     The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas Arizona papers now USA Today will lose readers The people  get it   Remember dont believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they dont name the sources the sources dont exist.   Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate   Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT Hillary was set up  by a con.   Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past which is  terrible   Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said DO NOT believe it. There are no sources they are just made  up lies   Wow did you see how badly Clinton News Network is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any  more   While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you Remember the simple phrase FollowTheMoney     Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire Will be back soon. FollowTheMoney Speech transcript     Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm TrumpRally Tickets    My condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.   Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 500pm. Join the MOVEMENT Tickets available at      Join me in Bedford New Hampshire tomorrow at 300pm. Cant wait to see everyone AmericaFirst MAGA    Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin Full transcript of my speech FollowTheMoney    Joining from Waukesha Wisconsin now live Enjoy   Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally AmericaFirst MAGA    Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa Will be back soon. Remember everything you need to know about Hillary just     RT She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance shed put the Oval Office up for sale     An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning ImWithYou Video    Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...   Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa today at 3pm MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets    Every online poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox Friends for so reporting   My supporters are the best 18 million from hardworking people who KNOW what we can be again Shatter the record     Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w 15000 supporters and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha     Join me for a 3pm rally tomorrow at the MidAmerica Center in Council Bluffs Iowa Tickets    Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today      RT On National VoterRegistrationDay make sure youre registered to vote so we can MakeAmericaGreatAgain     Hillary Clintons Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure    CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate via MAGA    Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support ImWithYou    In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over 13M from online donations and National Call Day and were still going Thank you America  MAGA   Well now theyre saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice   Thank you for your endorsement MAGA    Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in and the MOVEMENT wins AmericaFirst MAGA ImWithYou    U.S. Murders Increased 10.8 in 2015 via    Thank you TrumpWon MAGA    Hillarys been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done it will never change.   True bluecollar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch    The 1 trend on Twitter right now is TrumpWon thank you   I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate except for the little watched poll.   How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats    I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasnt she done them in her last  30 years   Great debate poll numbers I will be on at 700 to discuss. Enjoy   Thank you Four new DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT AGAIN     .REPORTs First Presidential Debate Poll Trump 80 Clinton 20 Join the MOVEMENT today lets MAGA     Thank you CNBC DebateNight poll with over 400000 votes. Trump 61 Clinton 39 AmericaFirst ImWithYou    TIME DebateNight poll over 800000 votes. Thank you AmericaFirst MAGA    . just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE   Wow did great in the debate polls except for  which I dont watch. Thank you   Thank you Governor AmericaFirst Debates2016    Thank you Governor Pence Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. AmericaFirst     Thank you Senator Debates2016 MAGA    .s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The 400 Million Ransom Payment DebateNight    Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on Benghazi. Debates2016 debatenight   . Obama ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat DebateNight    RT . calling out s support for NAFTA most searched moment during tonights debate.     Russia has more warheads than ever N Korea is testing nukes and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks     Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. LIBYA SYRIA IRAN IRAQ ASIA PIVOT RUSSIAN RESET BENGHAZI    RT 100 TRUE  is right  did call TPP the gold standard Debates2016     Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. Debates2016 MAGA    .s 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obamas Heritage DebateNight    RT Hillarys policies have made America less safe thats why 200 general and military leaders have endorsed     RT Jesse Jackson on  when he donated space for the RainbowPush Coalition. DebateNight     I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans Debates2016 MAGA    RT When is POTUS families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED MAGA     RT WATCH on the stakes in this election Debates2016    This is the simple fact about she is a typical politician all talk no action. Debates2016   HILLARYS BAD TAX HABIT    A Clinton economy more taxes and more spending DebateNight    . has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years Why would we take policy advice from her Debates2016   Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creati     . channels John Kerry on trade she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. TPP Debates2016   . and Obama policies increased debt by 9trillion over the last 8 years   RT A Administration will bring JOBS BACK Debates2016    Why isnt Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead DebateNight    RT Join on his official social media platforms during tonights debate as manages rapid     My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in DebateNight TrumpPence16   RT Polls showing surging slipping have HER camp on defenselowering  expectations going into Debates2016   New national Bloomberg poll just released thank you Join the MOVEMENT TrumpTrain     Really sad news The great Arnold Palmer the King has died. There was noone like him a true champion He will be truly  missed.   Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses.  N.C. riots   Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu    Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 1000 A.M.   Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the emails. That issue has only gotten bigger   Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign and they like Trump on trade  a lot   Thank you Roanoke Virginia this a MOVEMENT join us today Sign up AmericaFirst     If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of  him   Will be back in Virginia tonight for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me Tickets    Trump is headed for a win says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes     The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support We will have a tremendous victory on  November 8th.   Today is the day Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action TrumpTrain MAGA    Crooked Hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no  way dumb   Join me in Roanoke Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center Coliseum 6pm Tickets available at    How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy    Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had including Never Trump all farmers sm. biz by saying shell tax estates  at 65.   Tomorrows the day Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action TrumpTrain MAGA    RT EXCLUSIVE How Donald Trumps 30 million followers are crashing the Internet      Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.   This is more than a campaign it is a movement. MakeAmericaGreatAgain SIGN UP TODAY WE WILL WIN    Join me in Roanoke Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm MAGA    Will be on now.   I will be interviewed from Cleveland Ohio on  Tonight at 1000 P.M. Enjoy     I love those beautiful gals. D S Two amazing women   . Thank you   Great new polls Thank you Nevada North Carolina Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today lets MAGA    Thank you Toledo Ohio It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 2016 Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE     RT WATCH on women who work empowering campaign celebrates modern women.    Hopefully the violence unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity   leadership.   The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.   It is a MOVEMENT not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF     Thank you Kenansville North Carolina Remember on November 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a     Thank you High Point NC I will fight for every neglected part of this nation I will fight to bring us together     Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary see you at the debate   Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong   Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.   Thank you Nevada AmericaFirst MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you Georgia AmericaFirst MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS or whatever she has been doing for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.   Amazing rally in Florida this is a MOVEMENT Join us today at    Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ImWithYou AmericaFirst    I will be interviewed on the  tonight from Florida now. Enjoy   Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement Clinton Blew The Police Off    Hillary Clintons weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont     Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country its people how did he get thru  system   Great job once again by law enforcement We are proud of them and should embrace them without them we dont have a country      Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males poorly  vetted.     hes the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe   Will be on at 702 A.M. Enjoy.   Terrible attacks in NY NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims their families and all Americans We need to be strong   Under the leadership of Obama Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the  playbook   HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the United States Air Force    RT more media polls showing ahead in states Pres Obama won twice.    I would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing  in NYC.   Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses including  Obama.   Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd great people Will be there soon the polls are looking good.   My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no for now but they are watching. Really  disgusting   The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything has become a  laughingstock rag   Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me wellwrong   Wacky who hardly knows me makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope   . just doesnt get it and thats why their ratings are so low and getting worse. Boring antiTrump panelists mostly losers  in life   I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance a total  disaster   Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail Maybe  not   My thoughts and prayers go out to the  police officers in Philadelphia.    Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled    A very interesting take from    Just arrived in Texas have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.   Just leaving Miami for Houston Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic   Great parade in The Villages I love you all. We will MAGA. Thank you for the incredible supportI will not forget     I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...     I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement.   Thank you for a great evening Laconia New Hampshire will be back soon AmericaFirst      TWEET TheDonalds hair gets the JimmyFallon treatment on TheTonightShow TrumpPence16 So true    Tonight  a performance by Kiiaraand your funniest MyTeacherIsWeird tweets.  FallonTonight   Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLDS great magnet for innovation job creation     Will be joining on at 1135pmE tonight. Enjoy   RT What a scary statistic Americans are working harder and making less We need competent leadership     I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8pm. Enjoy   Full transcript of economic plan delivered to the Economic Club of New York. MAGA    Thank you    Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers across America LESM MAGA    Thank you for having me I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. MAGA    Will be on at 700 A.M. Enjoy    you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you   I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq disaster. We can do much  better   I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy   Great poll out of Nevada thank you See you soon. MAGA AmericaFirst    Great evening in Canton Ohiothank you We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Join us      Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy     Thank you Ohio Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm      Thank you Florida cant wait to see you Friday in Miami Join me    Thank you ImWithYou Video    Great poll Florida thank you ImWithYou AmericaFirst    Thank you Ohio see you tonight    Russia took Crimea during the socalled Obama years. Who wouldnt know this and why does Obama get a free pass   Why isnt President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton   Thank you Rep.     Thank you Rep.     Thank you     RT Trump outlines new childcare policy proposals via the App seems a candidate of destiny     CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Transcript      RT Ivanka penned an OpEd that ran in the this afternoon read it here.      ImWithYou AmericaFirst    RT Ivanka is joining to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families.  Tune in to watch live at 7pm   Thank you Clive Iowa    Join us today Together we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Heading to Iowa join me today at noon MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets    Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon AmericaFirst MAGA Tickets     Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 urour  success.   Just got back from Asheville North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you  MAGA   Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men women for their hard work    Will be on at 22. Enjoy   I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.   NeverForget    The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest  hits   Hillary Clinton just had her 47 moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans   RT RT if you agree We need a President who is fighting for all Americans not one who writes off nearly half the  country.   While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me I still respect  them all   Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham Romney Flake Sass. SUPREME COURT  REMEMBER   Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the  Polls   Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S    Just Watched Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job    Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible.   I havnt seen in many years he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant  dope   Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years I said no is now a hostile basket case who feels  jilted   Thank you Florida we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Join us AmericaFirst     Will be delivering a major speech tonight live on at 810pm from Pensacola Florida.   Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Great honor to be endorsed by popular successful gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to winTHX Jim     MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AmericaFirst ImWithYou    Henry McMaster Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers so badly. Funny   RT Join on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to MakeAmericaGreatAgain      Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing    . is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton  campaign.   The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I dont even know many of the people who spoke about me. A  joke   Final poll results from NBC on last nights CommanderinChief Forum. Thank you ImWithYou MAGA    It wasnt Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails the veteran who said she should be in  jail.   More poll results from last nights CommanderinChief Forum. AmericaFirst TrumpTrain    Last nights results in poll taken by NBC. AmericaFirst ImWithYou    With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together where both Mexico and the US would have  benefitted.   Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.   Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as  POTUS.   Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. Shes being decimated by  the media   RT Last nights winner was clear it will be proven time time again lets MAGA Lets WIN TrumpTrain     A rough night for Hillary Clinton ABC News.   Wow reviews are in THANK YOU   COMING UP  on    Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.   Thank you America great CommanderInChiefForum polls    Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my CommanderinChief presentation were great.  Nice   Thank you Peter if elected I will think big for our country never let the American people down AmericaFirst     Wow thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm join me    AmericaFirst    Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters poll AmericaFirst MAGA    faKudos to for standing up to CNNs attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending   media bias   I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy   Thank you North Carolina get out VoteTrump on 1182016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia joined by        Thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. ImWithYou    Join me in Pensacola Florida this Friday at 7pm VoteTrump    Thank you VoteTrump ImWithYou    Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hacking or coughing attack yet it is 1 trending. Whats up    Message for undecided voters Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now TrumpPence very important save our America before too  late   Thank you AmericaFirst    As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR  TRUMP.   China wouldnt provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore.  Terrible   The truly great Phyllis Schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. She was very  special   Thank you Ohio AmericaFirst    Heading to Youngstown Ohio now some great polls. AmericaFirst    Thank you American Legion Post 610 for hosting Pence I for a roundtable with labor leaders. LaborDay MAGA     LaborDay AmericaFirst Video    Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane fight on tarmac     President Obama Putin fail to reach deal on Syria so what else is new Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals    I followed you because you are a patriot support as do I. MAGA by sticking together.    Im at a biker rally in Perry Kansas...and everyone is a fan. Love it.     Trump now leads her by 2 get real she will lose big    We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country Vote for Trump     It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning One excuse after another. Then its this then  its that.   Lyin Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be  happening   To the AfricanAmerican community The Democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. I will fix it  VOTE T   The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acidwash  emails   The Great State of Arizona where I just had a massive rally amazing people has a very weak and ineffective Senator Jeff Flake.  Sad   The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal  immigration.   RT Doesnt fit the MSM narrative so they wont share what did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 so I will       CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016   Crooked Hillarys V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie and taken over during  O term   Wow the failing has not reported properly on Crookeds FBI release. They are at the back of the pack no longer a  credible source   . is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new email scandals.   Great visit to Detroit church fantastic reception and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and  wonderful crowd   I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida Friday 9916 at 7pm. Join me      Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and Detroit    AmericaFirst ImWithYou    Great new poll Iowa thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from Ohio and Arizona and it was packed with great pros   WIN   People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT They want to  MAGA   Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe. Joe  a mess   I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy   I am promising you a new legacy for America. Were going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO ImWithYou     Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone ALConvention2016    Poll numbers way up making big progress   Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of  Arizona   Mexico will pay for the wall   Under a Trump administration its called AmericaFirst ImWithYou    Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AmericaFirst    There will be no amnesty MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    Mexico will pay for the wall 100 MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    RT We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First   TrumpPence16   RT I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase but Trumps immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever  given.   Just arrived in Arizona ImWithYou    Great trip to Mexico today wonderful leadership and high quality people Look forward to our next meeting.   Hillary Clinton didnt go to Louisiana and now she didnt go to Mexico. She doesnt have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   Former President Vicente Fox who is railing against my visit to Mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the f  bomb.   Thank you Washington Together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ImWithYou AmericaFirst    I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.   RT We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us our cameras tonight TrumpinEverett     RT REPORT REUTERS POLL CLINTON TRUMP ALL TIED UP...    Thank you North Carolina MAGA    Thank you America MAGA     Looking forward to seeing you again Everett to be a packed house pence   From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch  Wednesday   Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon ImWithYou Tickets    Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix Arizona at 6pm ImWithYou Tickets    MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as Obamacare    CrookedHillary    Now that AfricanAmericans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the innercities they want  TRUMP   Crooked Hillarys brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by Bernie S she has BAD  JUDGEMENT   Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go  elsewhere    I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary Her rallies are held in blank she still has room.    ThankYou Clarence Henderson for telling you know racism its not DonaldTrump via      Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron Ohio is a Sea of Women Minorities Independents Dems via     Innercity crime is reaching record levels. AfricanAmericans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going  on   Look how bad it is getting How much more crime how many more shootings will it take for AfricanAmericans and Latinos to vote  TrumpSAFE   I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds looking for a larger  venue.   I think that both candidates Crooked Hillary and myself should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so  Hillary   Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity.   RT Poll vs. among white Evangelicals.    Thank you Arizona VoteTrump    Join me Tuesday in Everett Washington at the Xfinity Arena Tickets     America loves Trump and pence praying for you every day. Stay strong. TrumpPence2016  NeverHillary   NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 10.6 TRILLION August 2016 19.4 TRILLION    It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage bravery.     Thank you Iowa ImWithYou    Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends.   My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.   Dwyane Wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. AfricanAmericans will VOTE  TRUMP    BlackMenForBernie Leader Hillary2016 No Regard For Black Race via   BlacksForTrump    Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.   Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border   WALL   New polls join the MOVEMENT today. ImWithYou    Join us via our new AmericaFirst APP TrumpPence16    Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great ImWithYou   Thank you Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters MakeAmericaGreatAgain     I will be interviewed by at 7pm on Enjoy   Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat    Meet the Trumpocrats Lifelong Democrats Breaking w Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President     Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery CrookedHillary    How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called AfricanAmerican youth SUPER PREDATORS Has she apologized   I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our countryI  will solve   Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Joe.  Apologize   What do AfricanAmericans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will  fix it   Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the AfricanAmerican Hispanic  communities   The Clintons are the real predators...    Your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows you represent HOPE   Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. FlashbackFriday    Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via  dailycaller    Flashback Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as Friend and Mentor    CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript    Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy and always very short stamina. Media gives her  a pass   HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook when their policies fail they are left wthis one tired argument     Hillary Clinton is using racebaiting to try to get AfricanAmerican voters but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION   Hillary Clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself   Just watched recap of CrookedHillarys speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fearmongering   So many in the AfricanAmerican community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down I will fix it  promise   Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising national way  up. Wow   Videos .Farage of the brexit fame We CAN do this We can MAGA with    Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail   Great Governor Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.   Will be on Hannity 10pE discussing various subjects including immigrationif elected we will BuildTheWall enforce  our laws   Thank you for your support AmericaFirst ImWithYou    A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you TrumpPence16    New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT together we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain      Great new poll Florida thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down MakeAmericaSafeAgain    My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.   Thank you Travis County Texas MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy    In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down      Join me in Tampa Florida tomorrow at 1pmE Tickets    President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late   Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department.  LIE   It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political  history   I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border  crime   The quickly put together a hit job book on me comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Dont buy  boring   .s new book In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying its terrific knowing Ann I am sure it is   Just leaving Akron Ohio after a packed rally. Amazing people Going now to Texas.   Great meeting with active retired law enforcement officers at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio.     Statement on Clinton Foundation    Will be interviewed on at 830 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY   Some day when things calm down Ill tell the real story of and his very insecure longtime girlfriend Two  clowns   Tried watching lowrated Joe this morning unwatchable is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess     Trump leading LA Times poll     The ad was actually very good    TeamTrump You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope Show HCs 139 YT viewers vs DT  38K   TM TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER MAGA TrumpPence16    Joe Video Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.     I heard that Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D a big failure in TV someone I helped was nasty.  Irrelevant   Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is  protecting her   I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is  happening   Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN     please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful Good    been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house   We will bring America together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. MAGA   Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN TrumpPence16    Will be interviewed on at 900 P.M. Enjoy   Just leaving Virginia really big crowd great enthusiasm   Thank you will see you soon. TrumpPence16    200000 new followers for From 10800000 to 11000000 All in the last ten days or so MAGA  AlwaysTrump   .Graham  so humbled by my time w you. You are in our thoughts prayers.     We are one nation. When one hurts we all hurt. We must all work togetherto lift each other up. StandWithLouisiana     WheresHillary Sleeping   Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN TrumpPence16    Great job by on interview with on ImWithYou TrumpTrain   Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by Twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.   The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately it is a dying newspaper.   Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana another speech tonight  in MI.   We are one nation. When one state hurts we all hurt. We must all work together to lift each other up.    Thank you Charlotte North Carolina MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    CrookedHillary ThrowbackThursday    They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT   I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 1000 P.M. on     Will be participating in a town hall event hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy    We are going to make this a government of the people once again MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    We will repeal replace Obamacare which has caused soaring doubledigit premium increases. It is a disaster     A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime lost opportunities. ImWithYou     MakeAmericaSafeAgain ImWithYou    Thank you Governor  Chairman Priebus. MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    Join me in North Carolina tomorrow at 730pm ImWithYou Tickets    LawandOrder ImWithYou Video    LawandOrder ImWithYou Transcript    Will be on tonight at 10pmE delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets.... Cont     This is my pledge to the American people    Its just a 2point race Clinton 38 Trump 36    Another health insurer is pulling back due to persistent financial losses on Obamacare plans. Only the beginning     AmericasMerkel    CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER 400 BILLION.    MakeAmericaSafeAgain    Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper  appointments. Sad   Stay on message is the chant. I always do trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc but media  misrepresents   I have always been the same personremain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to  do so   It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely  false   I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People  get it   Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to  expose   My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.   If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating  Hillary by 20   The failing which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I  amnever said   The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects  Hillary   out You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people MakeAmericaGreatAgain USA Loves  U Thanks    Were all enjoying you as well Mr. T. Youve inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America God bless  you Nice    yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for  America   We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her emails PAYFORPLAY. How can she run  for Pres.    Thank you for all that you are doing for us You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you  TrumpTrain Thanks   I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing great numbers on November 8th   The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote nonexistent unnamed sources. Very  dishonest   Will be on tonight at 10pm hosted by Enjoy   Thank you Erie Pennsylvania Together we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Unbelievable support in Florida last night thank you MAGA    ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clintons term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts   I love watching these poor pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They  cant   A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clintons agenda. What a terrible and boring rollout that was  yesterday    Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with LynneRyan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm   Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama and Clinton the founder of ISIS MVP. THEY DONT GET  SARCASM     People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be  nice    THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton      Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only will change it   Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy   This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it     Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.   Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.    Really admire your determination Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased  Media.   MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you Abingdon Virginia MakeAmericaGreatAgain    No such meeting or conversation ever happened a made up story by low ratings    Great meeting w coal miners leaders from the Virginia coal industry thank you MAGA      I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy    My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. LESM   Morning Joes weakness is its low ratings. I dont watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and 2A sad   irrelevant   . You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight dumb as  a rock    Now cut off my mic Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump 2nd Amendment HEATED     Media desperate to distract from Clintons anti2A stance. I said pro2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our  Constitution   When is the media going to talk about Hillarys policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her  emails   Thank you Senator TrumpPence16    Thank you TrumpPence16    Thank you Wilmington North Carolina MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT But there IS something we will do on ElectionDay Show up and vote for the 2A DefendtheSecond NeverHillary   RT . is right. If gets to pick her anti2A SCOTUS judges theres nothing we can do.  NeverHillary   RT CIcahn 22 How many of our presidents even our great presidents would have handled the antics that went on in that  auditorium as well as he did   RT CIcahn 12 Believe Trump gave a great speech.    Loved Trumps answers to voters questions this morning Trumps economic plan will help MAGA  NeverHillary     great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016   I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S.  a mess   Will be interviewed on now   Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home   As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York her efforts fell flat.      Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clintons hacked emails.   Thank you Newt    Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo    Thank you Senator David Perdue    Thank you     Thank you together we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you    Thank you Alex    RT . encouraged by s taxplan says smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate     My economic policy speech will be carried live at 1215 P.M. Enjoy   Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at    ICYMI Will Media Apologize to Trump    Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton  flunky   The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear the baby and so much more. Very  dishonest   RT REPORT CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN    I see where Mayor Stephanie RawlingsBlake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a  joke   Thank you Windham New Hampshire TrumpPence16 MAGA    .Kudlow Donald Trump Is the middleclass growth candidate    I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media but I will  win   CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president TrumpPence16    Heading to New Hampshire will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED and other things   Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president Look up the word BRAINWASHED.   Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her emails. Very  dangerous   Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens   Good luck TeamUSA OpeningCeremony Rio2016    Trump is right about violent crime Its on the rise in major cities    Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin Governor Pence and I will be back soon. TrumpPence16 MAGA    DONT LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN TrumpPence16    Thank you Des Moines Iowa Governor Pence and I appreciate your support MAGA TrumpTrain    MakeAmericaSafeAgain    RT REPORT FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED...    RT REPORT Winlose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States...    Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.    The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying 400 million in cash going to  Iran   President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I wont dodge questions as your President.     Obamas disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression   President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.   See you tomorrow w Gov. Pence Iowa Wisconsin 3pm 7pm      Thank you Portland Maine MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you CoastGuardDay    Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors counting here in Maine thank you    Looking forward to IA WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us MAGA      Thank you Jacksonville Florida MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you for your support of my candidacy MAGA ImWithYou    Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today in Daytona Beach Florida LESM MAGA    THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT pence Join me in Colorado today Look forward to seeing you  Denver 2pm  Colorado Springs 6pm    Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran.  Scandal   There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat  Crooked H   Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic   My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy    Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset    President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States   RT Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally via     ICYMI John Podestas Brother Pocketed 180000 from Putins Uranium Company    CrookedHillary    Join me in Florida tomorrow MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Daytona 3pm  Jacksonville 7pm    STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMAS FAILED LEADERSHIP    Thank you Virginia ImWithYou    The Washington Post calls out CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR Watch that nose grow     Great afternoon in Ohio a great evening in Pennsylvania departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia    Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd so enthusiastic Will be back soon. MAGA    RT . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg Pennsylvania prior to main rally. TrumpMovement MAGA     Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win   Thanks to for your kind words very much appreciated.   Join me in Florida on Wednesday Daytona Jacksonville  Daytona 3pm Jacksonville 7pm    During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard.     When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost   Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.   Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.     Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100 owned by her donors. ImWithYou MAGA    Thank you Columbus Ohio I will be back soon. ImWithYou MAGA    Thank you Oklahoma Virginia MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....thats really saying something   The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers those disconnected from real life.   Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding or are they worried it will hurt  Hillary   When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillarys payforplay at State Department   CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs.   CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.   Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada tonight at 7pm Tickets available at    CrookedHillary    So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. Thats what I  said   When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine you can mark it down I am saying if I am President. Already in  Crimea   This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get  smart   Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same Nice   Wow it is unbelievable how distorted onesided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is  laughable    Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media HillaryClinton wouldnt stand a chance. VoterFraud and MSM her only  hope.   The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than  Crooked H   I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond Hillary voted for the Iraq war not  me   Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to  eradicate it   Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you   Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention 1 over Crooked Hillary and  DEMS.   Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event      NATO commander agrees members should pay up via    Wow NATOs top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will  like   The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like  Mexico. END   Crookeds stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 with  Bill VP   CrookedHillary Obamas third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth seen below.    Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed  NAFTA   I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much  better   Why doesnt the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches Republicans won  ratings   CrookedHillary    Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster   Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top  priorities.   Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds   While I am in OH PA you can also join Pence in Nevada on Mon  Carson City  Reno    Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio Harrisburg Pennsylvania MAGA  3pm in OH  7pm in PA    American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9 lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the American Dream     We are suffering through the worst longterm unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.   Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTATPP support Wall Street ties are driving away millions of  votes.   Colorado was amazing yesterday So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole  country.    ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMAS MISTAKES Trump2016    Thank you Denver Colorado MakeAmericaGreatAgain    As usual Hillary the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w Bernie.  Unacceptable   CrookedHillary Job Application    Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement   insticts.   Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado MakeAmericaGreatAgain LESM    Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out VOTE TrumpPence16 in November    Only a Reagan or a Trumplike figure in the White House will achieve this goal.    Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD    Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm or in Denver tonight at 7pm  Colorado Springs  Denver    What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.    I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change   Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out  V.P. pick   In Hillary Clintons America things get worse. TrumpPence16    The dishonest media didnt mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crookeds speech. He wishes he didnt make that  deal   Thank you  Facebook  Instagram    Crooked Hillary said that I couldnt handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. ReallyI just beat 16 people and am  beating her   If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldnt get 10 of the vote they would run him out of town  NeverHillary   Little Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a  disaster   General John Allen who I never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record BAD  NeverHillary   Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and  fabrications   Join pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio tonight at 7pm. Tickets    I believe in science Dem code for were shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining  manufacturing   CAMPAIGN STATEMENT    Two policemen just shot in San Diego one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER   Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and forgot to mention the many problems of our country in her very average  scream   The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched  Joe SAD   No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.   Hillarys wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.   Hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety.   Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street   Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.   Hillarys refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the  country.   Departing now thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT    CrookedHillary    Dems warn not to underestimate Trumps potential win    Great to be back in Iowa TBT with joining me in Davenport this past winter. MAGA    Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.   A vote for ClintonKaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees.   AMERICAS FUTURE    Bernie caved    Poll Donald Trump Sees 17Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks Breitbart   Great   RT pence Good morning Join me in Lima Ohio tomorrow evening at 7pm. MAGA Tickets    RT Trump makes a funny obvious joke about Russia going after Hillarys emails U.S. media goes insane with fury. He  plays them so easily....   RT REPORT Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech...    President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong  direction. DNC     stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE    Barack is offended that will demand that NATO allies pay their fair share. DemsInPhilly   Our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.   Shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers   Join me live in Toledo Ohio MakeAmericaGreatAgain    CrookedHillary    Thank you Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers MAGA    Trump right Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far    Great new poll thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clintons 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with  the FBI   Join our next Vice President Pence in Wisconsin tonight Michigan Thursday  MI WI    Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complainingthen a small one.  Pathetic   Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz   Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is  massive. NO   Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get  tough   The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition   SAD   Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius.  America 1st   As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary  top adv.   Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.    Many of Bernies supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep   I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the Democratic  Convention   No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly  overrated   You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS a good thing. Please get your facts straight thanks.     For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia.   In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with  Trump. Crazy   Dems dont want to talk ISIS bc Hillarys foreign interventions unleashed ISIS her refugee plans make it easier for them to come  here.   Bernies exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed   The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a  liar   Thank you New Hampshire MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Join us in Toledo Ohio tomorrow night at 8pm TrumpPence16 MAGA Tickets    Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm TrumpPence16 MAGA Tickets    Pocahontas bombed last night Sad to watch.   Why arent the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention  was great   Funny if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a  difference   Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it Waste of  time.   Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always  hated   Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.   If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.   I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes  on air   Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a  joke   While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.   Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War.   Thank you OHIO TrumpPence16    Thank you Roanoke Virginia be back soon TrumpPence16    MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN TrumpPence16    MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People dont want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse.  MAGA   The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for  CHANGE   Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good  spinnnn   Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and emails yet can you believe. Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a  chance   Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC they just got caught thats all They laughed at  Bernie.   If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released emails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the  same.   Thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Hillary was involved in the email scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened   How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb emails using even religion against  Bernie   The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC emails which should never have been written stupid because Putin  likes me   Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix Americas problems. ISIS all others  laughing   The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you   The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory shes  out   The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing Emails say the rigged system is alive   well   Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I dont believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off  the hook   Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie  flamed out   If the Republican Convention had blown up with emails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. Bernie media would  go wild   The panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Dont watch  CNN   I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy  left   Today proves what I have always known that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz     Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just cant go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new emails and DNC  disrespect. SAD   There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all  to end   An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.   Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite   Wow President Obamas brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by presidentlike  everybody else   Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement TOTAL  DISRESPECT   The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD  JUDGEMENT by H   MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpPence16     Dinesh DSousa Hillarys America. see it    Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals   HillaryKaine2016   Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart   The Wikileaks email release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a  fraud   Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They dont look presidential to me   I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs   Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer   Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring  jobs back   Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.   Leaked emails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. Online from Wikileakes really  vicious. RIGGED   Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her   Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for  nothing   The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for.  Philly fight   Cali General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS  MakeAmericaSafeAgain   I highly recommend the just out book THE FIELD OF FIGHT by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.   Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didnt get indicted while  Bob M did   Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.   One of the best produced including the incredible stage set in the history of conventions. Great unity Big T.V. ratings     Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times   What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were  fantastic   MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN RNCinCLE    FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION TrumpPence16    You can watch 360 video live from the podium RNCinCLE TrumpIsWithYou MakeAmericaGreatAgain   This is a MOVEMENT RNCinCLE    Thank you Proud of you RNCinCLE TrumpPence2016    Great job RNCinCLE    Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the  arena   Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesnt say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy  us all   I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me  tonight   Great job Proud of you AmericaFirst RNCinCLE    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Arena was packed totally electric   .pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.   Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. Pence GOPinCLE GOPConvention AmericaFirst     Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didnt honor the pledge I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big  deal   Great job Proud of you AmericaFirst RNCinCLE    Thank you AmericaFirst RNCinCLE    Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech   Thank you AmericaFirst    AmericaFirst RNCinCLE    Watching the GOPConvention AmericaFirst RNCinCLE   John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland will be a great two days   STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH    The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melanias speech than the FBI spent on Hillarys emails.   Good news is Melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is  good press   In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs   Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.   Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you   Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down AMERICA  FIRST   The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting   MakeAmericaWorkAgain TrumpPence16 RNCinCLE    MakeAmericaWorkAgain TrumpPence16 RNCinCLE     Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.   It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud GOPConvention   Will be on tonight at 830pm prior to Melanias speech at the GOPConvention. Tune in she will do great  RNCinCLE   MakeAmericaSafeAgain GOPConvention RNCinCLE    Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting   . is the worst.They go to their dumb onesided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump VAST MAJORITY want Make America  Great Again   Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks  beautiful   Thank you Mahoning County Ohio See you soon MakeAmericaSafeAgain    RT STILL AHEAD joins us at 7amet RNCinCLE    President Obama just had a news conference but he doesnt have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get  worse   Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking  tough    DonaldTrump and his running mate Pence to appear on 60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS     I will be on tonight at 700 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects Bad times for  divided USA   We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is  watching   We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...    The ratings at blow away the ratings of  not even close. Thats because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people  dont like   . is much better and far more truthful than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary I dont  watch.   If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didnt lie about her heritage being Native American she would be nothing today.  Pick her H   I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her  fraud   It doesnt matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad  judgement   As the days and weeks go by we see what a total mess our country and world is in Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad  decisions   We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again   Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con  its over   Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB    Great news Weve been nominated for Irelands Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote     Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Thank you TrumpPence16    Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the  tubes   Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony  money   Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her email lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look whats  happening   Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I dont have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies  have done   Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana. My first choice from  start   Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.   I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at  1100 A.M.   Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O   Hillary   NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 8712. MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way   In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my Vice Presidential  announcement.   Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn It is only getting worse.   I employ many people in the State of Virginia JOBS JOBS JOBS Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with  NAFTA.   Another new poll. Thank you for your support Join the MOVEMENT today ImWithYou    Great new poll thank you America Trump2016 ImWithYou    I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.   If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions   Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she  thinking   Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct Big mistake by an incompetent judge   On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.   Voters understand that Crooked Hillarys negative ads are not true just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.   Despite spending 500k a day on TV ads alone CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad   Lyin Crooked Hillarys email stories all have one thing in common.    Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves Think about it and let me know   The Republican platform is most proIsrael of all time   New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN   CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida Ohio Pennsylvania. I havent started yet     Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania CrookedHillary is not qualified. ImWithYou    Thank you ImWithYou    Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot   resign   THANK YOU INDIANA Trump2016    Thank you Iowa see you soon Trump2016 ImWithYou    I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy   The American people agree. No free pass for CrookedHillary    To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.   Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing prowar proTPP proWall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.   Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.   CrookedHillary is not qualified    I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out   Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today fans  angry   This election is a choice between law order safety or chaos crime violence. I will make America safe again for everyone.  ImWithYou   For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need.   Crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good   MakeAmericaGreatAgain ImWithYou    Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had  argued..   Speech on Veterans Reform    Great poll Florida Thank you    Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph  Michigan.   Join me in Westfield Indiana tomorrow night at 730pm Trump2016 Tickets    I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching dead  network   The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is  stupid   President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe   Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided  nation   New poll thank you Trump2016    Way to go  you are a true champion. Proud of you   MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN    Isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on    Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity today in  Miami.   Last nights horrific executionstyle shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...   Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our  country   After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin Crooked Hillary.   Thank you Speaker AmericaFirst Trump2016    MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you Rep. Collins Trump2016    Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day These are people who love our  country   Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night thank you Off to Washington D.C. now. Trump2016 AmericaFirst    Where is the outrage for this Disney book Is this the Star of David also Dishonest media Frozen    To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.     Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we  live.   I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes    Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech  in N.C.   Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.   Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves Convention Center Airport and  destroyed City   I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago great timing as all know. Pols made big mistakes now many  bankruptcies.   Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come   The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but...    Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement.   Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information.  Not fit   Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD  JUDGEMENT   I dont think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8  shes out   Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of  support Win   I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy   My son will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy   Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.   FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow RiggedSystem   The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair As usual bad judgment.   It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her  again   Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total  disgrace   On at 700 P.M. Special Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy   Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary She is flying with him tomorrow. Who  pays   With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools wont even call it what it is   RADICAL ISLAM   Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt Where are the 33000 missing emails   The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked   I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa   Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed great people   Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally onesided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was  solid   Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriffs Star or  plain star   Happy 4th of July Trump2016 AmericaFirst    Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS it will just go on forever. We need change   The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop  this   In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were  killed   I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got  caught   The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away no  pictures.   Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on  tarmac   On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph  over evil   Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged   corrupt   Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not  know.   Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good newsthe people  get it   It was just announcedby sourcesthat no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally  rigged   It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong What Bill did was  stupid   Thank you ImWithYou    Thank you for your support AmericaFirst LeadRight2016    RT Reminder last year Clinton pledged she had turned over all workrelated email under penalty of perjury      Thank you AmericaFirst    If I become the next POTUS they will not be ignoring AmericaFirst    Crooked Hillary Makes History ImWithYou AmericaFirst    The 2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.     AmericaFirst ImWithYou    The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak Wednesday  release   Just read in the failing that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland a total lie. These people are sick   When you cant say it or see it you cant fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN ImWithYou AmericaFirst     Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd   Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado ImWithYou WCS16      Thank you for your support We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ImWithYou AmericaFirst    These crimes wont be happening if Im elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. AmericaFirst    Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while     Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.     . great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work   Take a look at what happened w Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a  coincidence   Bill Clintons meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.   As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary   ThrowbackThursday Trump2016    I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX Enjoy   The reason I put up approximately 50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. 50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan   The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my 50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal   One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldnt see how she got rich selling out America.     Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President She will destroy them    New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read WakeUpAmerica   The story with Hillary will never change.    For reasons only they can explain the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them  better.   Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special     As of April this year Hillary had spent 264000000 on her campaign Mr.Trump 55000000. self  funding   I will be on at 800 P.M. Enjoy   ISIS exploded on Hillary Clintons watch shes done nothing about it and never will. Not capable   Will be in Bangor Maine today Join me 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center    New Q poll out we are going to win the whole deal and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Trump2016    Just watched Senator John Barrasso on  He was great Thank you John.   Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for  cheaters   The must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible  trade pacts   Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though Im sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes  everything up    thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country  safe   We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.   Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Will the world ever realize what is going on So sad.   Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is illfit with bad judgment.   Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way its supposed to with Clinton.   Check it out 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online Watch it here CrookedHillary Trump2016    Canceled cable sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on  YouTube    trump  This is why I would think the unions would support for  POTUS   ziffel also cant help but notice the stock markets reaction as was speaking. UPUPUP   Graf  lets get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again create jobs   sports Good for hes smart on business. Maybe If corporations werent overtaxed they would stay. Voting  for Trump    Ill be a guest today on Making Money with on Fox Business 6 PM ET 3 PM PT Discussing   Tune in   . is all negative when it comes to me. I dont watch it anymore.   The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit Hillary was wrong watch  November   Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on  heritage.    Trump voters dont scare or back down. Our numbers are growing were taking our country BACK. Trump2016 MAGA    Under a Trump presidency America will make brilliant new trade deals Donald Trump dtmag    Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter Shes so fake she has to be told how to feel       we know theyre fake just like poles during primary. Im sure u will crush CrookedHillary in  general   The dirty poll done by  is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were  good.   Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations While Ignoring Her Own    Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question  of time   Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in  polls   People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE   and JOBS   Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump Stakes Of The Election Address    The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest why would they do that Other polls good   Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did lie Was there to  support son   Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful   Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100 wrong along with Obama is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct  call.   George Will one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago has left the Republican Party.Hes made many  bad calls   Just landed in New York a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son Eric did a great job under  budget   Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President   I have never liked the media term mass deportation but we must enforce the laws of the land   We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. AmericaFirst   We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.   Thank you to everyone who came out joined us yesterday       On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter Kai    Arriving with  Back to New York tonight. Video    So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no  action   Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia dealing with the devastating floods. ImWithYou    And we will get it back once we have President Trump Cant wait    What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote  TRUMP 2016   Many people are equating BREXIT and what is going on in Great Britain with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country  back   The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference  today   Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT she went with Obama and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a  disaster   I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obamas illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects  for...   New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal illegal immigrants  settled..   America is proud to stand shouldertoshoulder wa free ind UK. We stand together as friends as allies as a people wa shared  history.   Selfdetermination is the sacred right of all free peoples and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to  see.   Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day especially when added to the brave brilliant vote.   Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership    Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back just like we will take America back. No  games   Congratulations to my son Eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry and its great Ailsa Course. Always  support kids   Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat.  night   Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.     Read my full statement here on the Supreme Courts executive amnesty decision imwithyou    Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.     CNN which is totally biased in favor of Clinton should apologize. They knew they were wrong.    RT Trumps speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed   Trump Clinton   Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.   On immigration Im consulting with our immigration officers our wageearners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.   Obama Clinton should stop meeting with special interests start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.   Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans.  Imwithyou   SC has kept us safe from exec amnestyfor now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it taking jobs from Hispanic AfricanAmerican  workers.   RT . I was so impressed by s speech yesterday. He was the best Ive ever seen  him.    Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families CrookedHillary    ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama. Donald J. Trump   Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. Donald J. Trump   Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clintons conduct has been disqualifying.    You have great children future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father.  Thank you.    brilliant 3 word response to Hillarys Im With You slogan       great speech today Its all about America and thats why you will become president Thank you.   Imwithyou    Hillary says things cant change. I say they have to change. Its a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. Imwithyou     Saw your interview.You are the best Great questions great answers Lou  is great   Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy   Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich Corrupt dangerous dishonest.   If you want to know about Hillary Clintons honesty judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.   Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.   I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will  fix U.S.   ObamaClinton inherited 10T in debt and turned it into nearly 20T. They have bankrupted    Hillary Clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans and make everyone less safe.   How can Hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk   Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40 as Secretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.   Hillary says this election is about judgment. Shes right. Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the  economy.   I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.   Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our presidentreally bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is  a mess   When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or  employees   . We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true  CHAMPION    Watch out HillaryClinton Support  MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Yesterdays failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed     How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed So totally  dishonest   Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. Trump2016    See you soon Arizona Trump2016    I love you Arizona Thank you Trump2016 AmericaFirst    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN Trump2016 AmericaFirst    Thank you Las Vegas Nevada Trump2016 AmericaFirst    In Las Vegas getting ready to speak   Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm Trump2016 AmericaFirst    Thank you Houston Texas AmericaFirst Trump2016    Thank you AmericaFirst    The convention in Cleveland will be amazing    Thank you on my way    Thank you    Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm Trump2016 AmericaFirst    THANK YOU AmericaFirst    RT Honored to pray for my friend at tonights Dallas rally. TrumpDallas c      MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN   People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY Biggest trade deficit in many years More attacks will follow  Orlando   Amazing crowd last night in Dallas more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas    The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But they keep Trump in the news a good  thing.   Thank you Dallas Texas    Houston TX  Las Vegas NV  Phoenix AZ    Join me in Houston Texas tomorrow night at 7pm Tickets    RT Flying to Dallas now with of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs will win in Nov   Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer.    The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast JOBS     McAllen Texas 8 miles from U.S. Mexico border. Trump2016 Video     is a Common Sense Conservative President TrumpCompetence Safety Unity US JOBS JOBS JOB.   RT Trumps speech today was Churchillian only better. You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about     I will be interviewed on at 700 P.M.    Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post    Join me in Dallas Texas on Thursday AmericaFirst Trump2016    Thank you Atlanta Georgia Will be back soon AmericaFirst    I will be meeting with the NRA who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to  buy guns.   The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people   An Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about But hes right     Thank you Greensboro North Carolina Will be back soon AmericaFirst    TONIGHT NORTH CAROLINA  WEDNESDAY GEORGIA  SATURDAY NEVADA    RT HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU    HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU    Thank you to the LGBT community I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and  beliefs.   AMERICA FIRST   American must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary  screening.   Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday at noon Trump2016 Tickets    Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on contd     Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation contd    I thought people werent celebrating They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right.     In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic  terror.   Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby     I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is    RT Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech. Your opinion is irrelevant unless you  listened to him today.   TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH TRANSCRIPT    Congratulations to the 2016 StanleyCup Champions Pittsburgh    I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words and and the total distortion of my words and what I  am saying   I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday.  230 P.M.   I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just brokesaid she would  now use   What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must  be tough    Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.   Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay  parade.   Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism If he doesnt he should immediately resign in  disgrace   Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I dont want congrats I want toughness vigilance. We must  be smart   Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims their families. When will this stop When will we get tough smart   vigilant   Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled.  Shame   Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.   Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very  racist   Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.    Join me on Tuesday in Greensboro North Carolina Trump2016 AmericaFirst    Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Will be back soon AmericaFirst    Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers AmericaFirst    Thank you Tampa Florida AmericaFirst TrumpTrain    Sad case did article saying I dont pay bills false only dont pay when work is shoddy bad or not done They should  do same   In Tampa Florida thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Don King and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought I was a  racist   Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racistbut I am least racist person  there is   Thank you Richmond Virginia Trump2016    Thank you Coalition An honor joining you today to discuss our shared values. RTM2016 Trump2016     Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight Trump2016 Tickets    FlashbackFriday CrookedHillary    I rarely agree with President Obama however he is 100 correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad    2004 VIDEO Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change Trump2016     Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.   Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP Legacy Of Leading On Womens Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats     The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice   Join me 610 Richmond VA 8pm 611 Tampa FL 11am 611 Pittsburgh PA 3pm 613 Portsmouth NH 230pm      RECORD 14 million primary votesbeat 16 opponentsfinanced own campaign. You will be a great POTUS   MakeAmericaGreatAgain    . Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by      Pocahontas is at it again Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P.  choice.    Trumps Historic 13 Million Primary Votes A Record ... Congratulations    Join me Trump2016  610 Richmond  611 Tampa  611 Pittsburgh    Thank you Roseanne very much appreciated.    How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that upand where are your 33000 emails that you deleted     A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv    Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does   Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else.  Obama plus   As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will  win    please Mr.Trump make your VP. He is a perfect running mate. He is a great  guy   Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come  to me.    JohnKasich the VOTERS have spoken.We want You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave     Dangler You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen Thanks.   I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one    Congratulations Mr. Trump. Thank you    Senator Sanders spent more than yet lost.   RT Graph s Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908     MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AmericaFirst Trump2016     Why  WHERE IS THE REPORTING MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY  OF USA    HISTORIC whats historic is OUR national debt record unemployment pocketbook crisisTHE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA  RICH   wejesa Great speach Thanks    . doing on is awesome. Number one presidency of all time    Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on  you   Nobody is watching Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end bad ratings. You wont believe what I am watching now    fans greatest way to get even with her Highness vote for at least youll have a job.   Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews most votes ever  recieved    Gee ... Does this make right one more time    Thunder Standing by all the way to the White House    Thank you California Trump2016    Thank you New Mexico Trump2016    Thank you South Dakota Trump2016    Thank you New Jersey Trump2016    Thank you Montana Trump2016    I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 900 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again  continues   I will be interviewed tonight on  Enjoy 1000 P.M.   Thank you Together we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain    In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesnt believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the  president   A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC VIOLENT. Bad temperament  for pres   See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me  credit.   RT My next project is pretty amazing xx Ivanka    Thank you Diamond and Silk    Remembering the fallen heroes on DDay June 6 1944.    I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and  number one   A massive blow to Obamas message only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. Thats REALLY bad   Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized for a Wall Street paid for ad by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a  total fraud   Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough  questions   Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish 1 so too should our country. We can be  great   People like report on my campaign but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much  of media   Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record.  Change   I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage CNN and MSM is one big  lie   The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biased.They act so indignanthear them behind  closed doors    Our ineffective POTUS has to make a speech in Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way.    We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.   The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained  peaceful   Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed  at police   Vito08 Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE TrumpTrain      Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About    Muhammad Ali is dead at 74 A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all   RT WATCH NOW The supporters youd never expect    Thank you Redding California MakeAmericaGreatAgain CAPrimary    Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not  hostile.   So much interest in my visit to Scotland I greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on  June 24th.   Im a former chief of police in a border town. Im Hispanic Im proud to be Hispanic and Im 100 behind Trump.     In Crooked Hillarys telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest   I dont watch or do Joe anymore. Small audience low ratings I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost  their way   Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned  Am flag   Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38000 jobs added. Bombshell    Yes Hubby and I voted 4 already Thank you.    I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine  successful lady    Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Whos the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi     Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump They know he will be good for  them too.   Then on June 25th back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   After I will visit in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.   After I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club    On June 22 I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort the worlds best.   Join me in Redding California tomorrow at 100pm. Trump2016 Tickets    .Gulbis Thank you for the nice piece in  com. Keep up the great work    RT Beautiful article about written by my friend the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis      Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU    shes a criminal and youre the only person that can stop her.    THIS IS S LEGACY AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER WE NEED NOW MAGA TRUMP2016     SABD A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.   A 60 increase in Texas Blue CrossBlue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs  explode   So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again   Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton Reading poorly from the telepromter She doesnt even look presidential   Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence   Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy  positions.   After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U so much interest in it I will  be pres.   Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews will  win case   With all of the Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes and I mean real monsters No  more HRC.   Join me in San Jose California tonight MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016 Tickets    Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict 450 wins 38 losses. Isnt that what you want for your  president   Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watchednobody knew anything about my  foreign P   Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD  judgement   Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making  abilityzilch    I already voted for you My wife did as well I represent Teachers4Trump We represent CA4Trump  NeverDems      Not for slackers Happy wcourses I took. Thanks.   Thank you Sacramento California MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Same failing reporter who wrote discredited womens story last week wrote another terrible story on me today will never  learn   Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of emails. Many  missing   Join me in San Jose California tomorrow evening at 7pm MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016      So I raisedgave 5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad They do anything to belittle totally biased.   Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings I will be on his show tonight   10pE.   I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in  179 days.   Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of  her doc.   I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy   Join me in Sacramento Californiatomorrow evening 7pm Trump2016    So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raisedgave It was my great honor they do an amazing job.   Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the 5600000 that I  raisedgave   I have raisedgiven a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch   So many great things happening new poll numbers looking good News conference at 1100 A.M. today Trump Tower   I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased  against me.   I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel San Diego who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally  biasedhates Trump   I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day   I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than Crooked Hillary if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen.  Broke record   Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering     how many of donalds rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.    Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally TRUMP STRONG So true and remember the M.I.A.s    Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally A great day in D.C.    Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.    The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice   In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents thank you the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary   Obama says a WALL at our southern border wont enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence  at W.H.   If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court   The Republican Party has to be smart strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie  candidate   Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrsan embarrassed loser but if the GOP cant control their own then they are not a party. Be  tough Rs   Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics bc I stand 100 behind everything  we do.   Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit   Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country We  love them.   Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while hes in Japan Thousands of American lives lost. MDW   Dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me   I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination Im in the back of the paper. Very  dishonest   The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money get much better results What we need as Prez   The failing wrote a story about my management style that I dont have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800 Im  beating her.   I we broke the alltime record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary by a lot and with many states left to go Thank  you.   The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get  NOT ENOUGH   Great rally in Fresno California great crowd Thank you Trump2016    Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees social media accounts    . Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly  appreciated   Thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it love your music   Wow 25000 in San Diego California Thank you Trump2016    I am on tonight a big special. at 800 P.M. ENJOY   Bill OReilly doing a major special on tonight at 8pmE. Watch it should be good Trump2016   AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY.  Run Marco   Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President    My wife and my children will be featured on with 7pmE. Enjoy MeetTheTrumps Trump2016   Celebrating 1237 Trump2016    Thank you Trump2016    I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in  Harvard.   Thank you Mr. Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. Trump2016   . just watched you on thank you   The Inspector Generals report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the  W.H.   Thank you Anaheim California Trump2016    Thank you Washington Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary  history.   The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside  criminals   Crooked Hillary Clinton just cant close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesnt  have it   Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no  action    Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes known as Pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total  hypocrite    Washington BIG Thank You for supporting Trump We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again Trump2016    high energy    Great speech tonight Mr.Trump Good Luck in California Thank you.    congratulations from India    UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CANT STOP THE TrumpTrain MakeAmericaGreatAgain    TrumpTrain    Great job Make America Great Again    Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American is a  lowlife   Great rally in New Mexico amazing crowd Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.   Thank you Washington Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Great honor to receive todays endorsement of Really nice Trump2016   After raising w no obligation almost 6M for Vets I couldnt believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT SENT BY CROOKED  HILLARY   Thank you for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYTs should have written     A suggestion for the dishonest media    A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by    A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it you will never be able to vote for her. Klein     Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad  judgement   I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks  great   Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting  media.   Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran  groups.   While under no obligation to do so I have raised between 5 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our  VETERANS. Nice   Join me in California or Montana 52516 Anaheim California 52616 Billings Montana     I will be interviewed on at 800 P.M. Enjoy   Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldnt measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care of  our vets   Is Hillary really protecting women    In trade military and EVERYTHING else it will be AMERICA FIRST This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   Thank you America Trump2016    The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and  terrorists   Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race email  scandal   Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center Trump2016 MAGA Tickets      Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500 increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America   How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women   RT BREAKING POLL Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March Now Leads Crooked Hillary 4644   via    Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs   Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad Would be four more years of  stupidity   Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong    I trust more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A without a  doubt.   Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes ArmedForcesDay    Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    . is so negative getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two antiTrump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning  off    Hillary wants to rip the guns out of Americas hands. No guns no protection. Get on TrumpTrain join to stop  her.   Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect  Hillary   While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the TSA is falling apart just like our government Airports a total  disaster   Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person   Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton   Thank you for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in  Britain.    Colin great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing You made winning MAJORS look  easy    Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June 16 Cant wait to play it     Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint Trump2016   Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre Chris Cox the MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to Trump2016 2A     Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad   Thanks Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertainingmassively popular candidate this country has ever  seen.   Crooked Hillary Clinton discussing the SecondAmendment at a private event. 2A cc    I am on my way See you all soon    A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt    Crooked Hillary cant even close the deal with Bernie and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this No  way   Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential I dont think so Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS  LAUGHS   Look where the world is today a total mess and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast Hillary has no chance   Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS China Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more  years   I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement Bernie said the same  thing   Thank you We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017    How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud Thank you Rowanne.   Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough smart and vigilant Great hate and  sickness   My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the  list   Some lowlife journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened Like the story which has become a  joke   MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you Louisiana Trump2016    Thank you Arizona See you soon MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasnt even called the race   Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are  for me   Paul Begala the dopey flunky and head of the ProHillary Clinton Super PAC has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad  against me.    Trump for President Bernie is a joke knows nothing and Hillary is yesterdays and todays nightmare    The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for  AmericaFIRST.   Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated  Thank you.   Thank you Oregon Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy  MakeAmericaGreatAgain    No way I believe Trump at 70 disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 12 women. MSM LIES    Michael Barbaro the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. He  should resign   favreau  He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump  2016   I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton Democrat Primaries are rigged email investigation is rigged so time to  get it on   I cant believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 Dont  watch CNN     That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next  president   Well that is it. Well done Megyn and they all lived happily ever after Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon  tonight   Will go back on for a final question now    Amazing job   Ttag Great interview Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change never forget you are our  messenger   I like Michael Douglas    . Best interview that I have ever seen.     Great interview Megyn      and we love you Diamond and Silk I do also    Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president MegynKellyPresents     Thats why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed True    Lovely interview Mr. Trump Thanks.     Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their  parts    We actually really do love you Great     MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great  job     it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.     Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People     we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.     we need Trump more then ever Megan Please dont lose it for America for us    Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy       Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job    You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you Dont listen to these people who want you to  change    great interview with  Thanks.    One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to Trump absolutely not      speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.      DonaldTrump you are fearless This interview shows you are the Leader we need. is a tough interview Respect  to both     whats with the soft wimpy questions Its not a therapy session .. Not really soft  at all    amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks.    . Watching you on Fox with now. Cant wait to hear what you two talked about.   Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud just like Crooked Hillary Their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it.  Apologize   Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal If she cant win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged   I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8 Enjoy    I look forward to watching tonight 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very  fair.   How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S.  history   Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the energizer  to D.C.   VoteTrump at clerks offices 185 ballot drop boxes in ORPrimary Closes at 8pm    Crooked Hillary cant close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her   Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political  history   Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going VOTE TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Cant believe she would misrepresent the facts My hit was on  China   The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves was about China NOT  WOMEN   Wow 30000 emails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar How can she  run    OREGON votes today Go vote for and kick it BIG TIME    What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. I said no.   I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. So much for a nice  thank you   In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S.  history   The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro who was interviewed on CBS this morning was unable to  respond.   Over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.   No wonder the is failingwho can believe what they write after the false malicious libelous story they did on me.   The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.   Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined      Thank you Anthony  The Entrepreneurs Case for Trump    With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud   A political commentator for which I no longer watch said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set alltime  record   Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday was on saying Times  lied   The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer who said it was a  lie   That was an amazing interview on  I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the   is   Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent Run  Bernie run.   Great new poll thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.   Thank you Georgia See you soon Trump2016    The media is really on a witchhunt against me. False reporting and plenty of it but we will prevail   Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers.  DISHONEST   Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page  for that   Why doesnt the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women The media is TOTALLY dishonest   Back keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them Trump2016  Thanks.     Everyone continues to pile onto Donald but they can NEVER take away our votes Thank you   Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I  helpedrefused to use     OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP    Leicester DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory both were written off but they keep scaling the heights.  History     Im a women I 100 support  I have since the beginning. Thank you   The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women they found nothing.  A joke   Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical     Sheldon Adelson Pledges 100 Million to Elect Trump President Breitbart    Wow is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings bad television   Great new poll thank you    If Crooked Hillary Clinton cant close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the  others   An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such tremendous respect for. Thank you Sheldon     . Your story about me the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a  carbon tax   Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security  and more   Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. Trump2016    Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well Trump2016    If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.   In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after  election   Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump gets nothing done in  Senate   Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase   Our Native American Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help   Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to  you   If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been she would lose   Thanks Piers.    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.   Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing   I dont want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will  come   Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November Crooked Hillary who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie will  lose   Thank you Nebraska MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you West Virginia MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    RT LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016     RT OHIO GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me I cant tell the truth about her husband Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary   Hillary has bad judgment    It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big dayget out and vote   I look very much forward to meeting wPaul Ryan the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all  levels   Via and Jason Greenblatt Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs    WEST VIRGINIA VoteTrump TODAY MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    NEBRASKA VoteTrump TODAY MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.   It was Rosie ODonnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary    Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly  opposite   . RepMikeKelly Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words   Get out and vote Nebraska we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Get out and vote West Virginia we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    I am a woman I JUST VOTED FOR NebraskaPrimary Trump2016 TrumpForPresident     Thank you Jason Greenblatt For Our Children Lets Elect Donald Trump    RT interesting poll results so far and go vote on    I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than  current   I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party despite having to compete against 17 other people   If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she  did   Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one   NEPrimary VoteTrump Trump2016    WVPrimary VoteTrump Trump2016    Monkey  Is Chris serious lying or misinformed Bill Clinton signed NAFTA       The liars that signed the pledge and now wont support IS the reason they  are losers    you had a great interview with Donald today I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.   Will be interviewed by on at 730 A.M. Enjoy     good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.   Wow I hear Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I wont do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my  positions   I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.   . Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no  heart    On MattSchlapp was on the ball jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. will  EXPAND GOP   I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M.   I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed  to me   On show now. ENJOY   Crooked Hillary just cant close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the  border. Bad   . Kellyanne you were fantastic on today. Keep going I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   HappyMothersDay     I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians cant. will give his all for us   . thank you for your support tonight on    Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE They broke the deal no  honor   I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump Thank  you.   I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue    Join me in Washington today Spokane tickets Lynden tickets      Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action maybe her Native American name   Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy Im driving her nuts.   Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.   Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing  legacy.   Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clintons flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.   Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud   I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.   Response to    I hear of rapidly fading Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked  Hillary win.   Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didnt work. Not much power or insight   Thank you to teachers across America When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it  is now.   Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the womens card it  is sad   Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didnt inherit it I won it with millions of  voters    Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time MakeAmericaGreatAgain  TrumpTrain   So many great endorsements yesterday except for Paul Ryan We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency Ive ever seen. Thank you  Rick   Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back  jobs   Thank you West Virginia. Lets keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday we will win big. Trump2016   Can you believe Crooked Hillary said We are going to put a whole lot of coal minerscoal companies out of business. She then  apologized.   Join me tomorrow Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Omaha Nebraska  Eugene Oregon    Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates otherwise. He should show them run as an  Independent.   Happy CincoDeMayo The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics      I will be interviewed by  at 6pm ET tonight    Many reports that I will be attending the AlvarezKhan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue Unfortunately I have other  plans.   Join me in Charleston WV tomorrow    I will be interviewed on at 730 A.M. Enjoy   I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 700 A.M.   I will be interviewed on Joe at 615 A.M. Enjoy   I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against  Bernie   What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against  him   . Please correct I WON Virginia   Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special peopleI will never  forget   Thank you Indiana Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Lyin Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesnt he should drop out of the racestop wasting time   money   Wow Lyin Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Cant function under pressure not very presidential.  Sad   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN INPrimary VoteTrump    Polls close at 6pm INPrimary Trump2016 VoteTrump    Thank you America Trump2016    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Trump2016 VoteTrump    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN INPrimary VoteTrump    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN INPrimary VoteTrump    Thank you South Bend Indiana Everyone get out VoteTrump tomorrow INPrimary    RT Wow I am speechless Thank you to my sidekick who keeps me the in line   via    Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while big rally See you soon   Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy INPrimary   THANK YOU AMERICA MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT Donald Trump Jr. On The Record Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via      Thank you Carmel Indiana Get out VoteTrump tomorrow INPrimary MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz a great guy INPrimary Trump2016    I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 1182016. Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will  be fun   Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First so do  voters   Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs and he thanks me I will bring back jobs  to USA.   Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually she has done poorly with such  men   I will be interviewed on  at 730 A.M. Enjoy   Join me in Carmel Indiana tomorrow at 4pm INPrimary    Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana Trump2016 INPrimary    Thank you Terre Haute Indiana MakeAmericaGreatAgain    . is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldnt be on the air   I am on with Chris Wallace his 20th year anniversary with FNS throughout the day. Enjoy    Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while big rally See you soon   I watched Sen. Graham Why dont they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no  support   Thank you Indiana Trump2016    I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there   Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job   Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. Trump2016 MAGA    The economy is bad and getting worsealmost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs. MAKE AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN        The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law  enforcement   . Anderson so amazing. Your mother is and always has been an incredible woman   We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is  rigged   Thank you Indiana Trump2016    Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great  enablers   Wow the ridiculous deal made between LyinTed Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal dead on arrival   Thank you Costa Mesa California 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back Trump2016     New York Yankees President Randy Levine End of the Republican Party If Donald Trump Not Nominated.    I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight tomorrow morning. Enjoy INDPrimary     RT Seems out of touch w reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates.      RT Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fastsinking campaign via    Trump   MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you Evansville Indiana MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Heading to rally with Bobby now See you soon    So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put upI won in a  landslide   I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight who last night endorsed me at 1200 this afternoon. See you there   Lyin Ted Cruz who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her  own effort   I will be interviewed on the at 700 A.M. this morning. Enjoy   Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other  topics    I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY I really adore you Mr. Trump so  much.   Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow  with Bobby   I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people Staying at a Holiday Inn Express new and clean not bad   Thank you Laura    Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight I will never forget it    Join me on from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE Enjoy Trump2016    RT An Honor to be in Indiana w  the legend Bobby Knight I like our secret weapon  better    THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Agreed    Thank you Newt    RT GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTONS FAREWELL ADDRESS.   Thanks Dave    Thanks    Thank you WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Thank you    Thank you Delaware Trump2016    Thank you Rhode Island Trump2016    Thank you Connecticut Trump2016    Thank you Pennsylvania Trump2016    Thank you Maryland Trump2016    Thank you America Trump2016    Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland VoteTrump    You have until 8pm to VoteTrump Delaware    Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island VoteTrump    Lets go Pennsylvania VoteTrump    How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way   Thank you for the incredible support Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara    Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates otherwise. He should show them and run as an  Independent   Thank you  Trump2016    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    The CruzKasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb   Thank you WilkesBarre Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Get out and VOTE tomorrow We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN CTPrimary DEPrimary MDPrimary PAPrimary RIPrimary     Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania PAPrimary VoteTrump    Thank you Warwick Rhode Island RIPrimary VoteTrump    RT REPORT DEAD HEAT CLINTON VS TRUMP    On the way to the great state of Rhode Island big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night   Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician cant make a deal work.   Shows how weak and desperate Lyin Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only 1 win and 38  losses.   Lyin Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one. Shows  weakness   Lyin Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors special interest groups are not happy with them.  Sad   Wow just announced that Lyin Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination.  DESPERATION   I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming  irrelevant    . awesome job on DonaldTrump has integrity he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate  Bribery    NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive GOP nominee      I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday   . Great job and advice on  Thank you   . was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct   As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win   I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday   Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job   Lynne Ryan just read your great story in the NY Times I am proud of you. Thanks    Thank you Delaware Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpTrain    Thank you Bridgeport Connecticut MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you Waterbury Connecticut MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video    Pennsylvania Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district     Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this  fast   Thank you Pennsylvania Trump2016    Thank you Indiana Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday I will be back soon Trump2016      Thank you California See you soon MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Thank you for the incredible support Maryland This is a movement MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed   Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldnt get to 1237. Now he cant get to 1237. Drop out LYIN Ted.   Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify   Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should  get out   I will be doing the with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun  Enjoy.7A.M.   Thank you Maryland what a great way to conclude the day Will be back soon. Trump2016      We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana   Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state    Thank you Indiana Will be back soon Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower    Off to Indiana Trump2016    Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat  Hillary   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN      Wow really nice   Thank you New York I will never forget   Thank you New York I love you MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    . is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about  me    Look everybody DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying TrumpTrain Trump2016  MakeAmericaGreatAgain   org Your policies will make this state and country great again MakeAmericaGreatAgain      Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now   Polls close in 3 hours Everyone get out and VOTE Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    RT A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK    Discussing NewYorkValues in Buffalo last night on the eve of the NYPrimary. LETS GO NY VoteTrump    1988 with Oprah discussing why I would never rule out a run for POTUS. Trump2016 VoteTrumpNY PrimaryDay    Who did the House Task Force on Urgent Fiscal Issues call when America needed HELP    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016   LETS GO AMERICA Time to take back our country and MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watch video go VoteTrump   ICYMI Trump2016 closing speech in Buffalo New York VoteTrumpNY   Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets      Thank you Eric    A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   I am on at 700 A.M. ENJOY   Thank you Buffalo NYPrimary    MakeAmericaGreatAgain NYPrimary    Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York   New York we will make America great again    Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads  against him   Lyin Ted Cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bossesI am millions of VOTES ahead Hillary would destroy  him K    . is who we need 2 fix this corrupted rigged system. 4 no Profit Under budget ahead of  schedule.   Thank you for todays endorsement New York Veteran Police Association NewYorkValues      Thank you California Will see you soon MakeAmericaGreatAgain    I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named  Bernie   Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesnt want to run against. Will be such  fun   Lyin Ted Cruz cant get votes I am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It wont  work   Lyin Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.   Ill be in one of my favorite places this morning Staten Island. Big crowd will be fun   MakeAmericaGreatAgain NYPrimary    Thank you California Connecticut Maryland and Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    See you tomorrow Dutchess County New York NYPrimary TrumpTrain    Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh PA. 800pm on FOX. Enjoy Trump2016    621  I think its more like 64. VoteTrumpNY MakeAmericaGreatAgain    New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruzs core supporters increased support for ...Not surprising.    Dear Im starting to believe that youre actually going to WIN Trump2016 presidenttrump primary     Supporter Trump Holds 66 Favorable Rating in New York Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...     THANK YOU SYRACUSE NYPrimary    Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. NYPrimary     ICYMI this morning.    I will be interviewed on at 900 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries     I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit  Fantastic   stamper   we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him  Great    We love you Donald Finally someone who actually cares about us ..     Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you   Join me this weekend NYPrimary 416 SYRACUSE NOON 416 WATERTOWN 3pm   Trump2016   Thank you Trump2016    Thank you America Trump2016    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Join me on Saturday in Syracuse New York NYPrimary Trump2016    Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon Dont let the bosses take your vote   The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with  the voters   Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from  voting   Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy Trump2016    Join me in Pittsburgh tonight at 7pmE Trump2016 TrumpTrain Tickets    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 1200 A.M. EASTERN.   I LOVE NEW YORK NewYorkValues    THANK YOU California Maryland New York and Pennsylvania See you soon MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Missouri just confirmed Trump2016 as the official winner with an additional 12 delegates. MakeAmericaGreatAgain     WOW great new poll New York Thank you for your support Trump2016 NewYorkValues    Thank you Albany New York MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Join me in Rome NY tomorrow Trump2016 NYPrimary Tickets available    Tune in join me live in Albany New York 7pmE start time I love you New York Trump2016 TrumpTrain    A very interesting piece by a very good writer of and    Leaving for Albany New York now massive crowd expected. Very exciting   Why does the liberal media think Bill OReilly is a complete and total vulgarian I dont think so   Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention    This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by politicians. Repub party is in trouble       Thanks for Rochester rally. Great people thank you    just listened to you on fox. I love you so much. Thank you    Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. TrumpTrain     Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. Hed get 100k own the  news cycle   I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. Enjoy   The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be  allowed   How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary Great anger totally  unfair   MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    I win a state in votes and then get nonrepresentative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad  system   The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the  suckersno more    New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag Breitbart        lets go Pa he has my vote Go Trump    Rochester loves you See you tomorrow MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016 TrumpTrain A big crowd   berta  Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the  people.    Cali If the GOP screws Trump his millions will walk from the GOP never to return They better think long  and hard    GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner Trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner Sanders.   savage is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. MakeAmericaGreatAgain     California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out   vote.     get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.     Your tax and economic plans are second to none Media shld  report.   Cali Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44.  Thank you    here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. Very sad   A great honor to visit the 911 Memorial Museum with my wife today. NewYorkValues     The Real Person Of The Year Wow    Fugedaboudit The woman in New York love Donald Trump    Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability I can go along with  that   Isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still  must fight    Yes Thank U 4 coming to LI It was a thrill 2 B part of it U will get the job done MakeAmericaGreatAgain trump2016       Trump will be our best president since Reagan    Thank you Mr. Trump for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to  MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN     we love you and know you will do an awesome job Saw you in bethpage  Thank  you.    All you haters out there STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU AMERICA FIRST  trump    We support you HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous    HELLO BOYS this is my formal endorsement of  Im a woman last I checked And Rudy U R amazing    Reports are RNC has received 1 million postcards so far If I get more info on Ill post      Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by      Nobody beats me on National Security.    Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.    Jennifer is a terrific person.    UOKUK   Vote trump to save the west. Dont become like Europe   WakeUpAmerica    Great interview with on regarding path to victory NewDay MakeAmericaGreatAgain      Great Interview on CNNBeing from CT I am thrilled you are part of this TeamGO TRUMP   So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things remember I am still running a major business while I campaign and loving  it    first WWE Hall of Famer to become president    lets have the policy speeches on immigration economy foreign policy and NATO       Thanks Rudy Trump will be a great president    MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with RT      Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home no place for a phony   Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values we dont forget    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage Long Island great to be home   I was not scheduled to be on the Pure fiction   It is so great to be back home Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage Long Island   Still time to get out and VOTE WIPrimary Trump2016 MAGA    RT Last chance Wisconsin Find your polling location for todays primary go vote Visit   Trump2016   Wow is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Good news bad dishonest journalists    RT Wisconsin To find your voting location visit MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpTrain      Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote only candidate that will protect your rights     Wisconsin we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Good morning Wisconsin The polls are now open VoteTrump today we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN     DonaldTrump is the only guy I think that has the will the nerve to attack to fight.      Something VERY close to my heart. Im a NAVY VET I love s VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.   I will be on  tonight at 10pmE w from Wisconsin. Enjoy WIPrimary Trump2016     MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Leaving Superior Wisconsin now. Thank you Trump2016 WIPrimary    Wow great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you    Will be interviewed on on from Wisconsin tonight. My wife Melania will join me for the entire show.   Congratulations Jim Herman We are all proud of you    Just departing La Crosse Wisconsin. Thank you Trump2016 WIPrimary    This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.   A great day in Wisconsin many stops many great people Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   A great night in West Allis Wisconsin Thank you VoteTrumpWI WIPrimary    I am on with doing a town hall from Wisconsin now Enjoy MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016   Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you  all clubs Great  going   I will be in Milwaukee Wisconsin tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us WIPrimary Trump2016    Thank you Miss Katies Diner MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you New York and Pennsylvania MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    I dont care about the game I care about the PEOPLE. And thats exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much  Trump2016   Thank you Trump2016 WIPrimary    MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016 IS THE ONLY DEAL     WISCONSIN VOTE SMART RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING SAVE AMERICA W      is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not.  Medias a JOKE   I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy    Tune in for our sitdown interview with Republican frontrunner    Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. VoteTrump on Tuesday April 5th MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy Trump2016   A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN Thank you Racine Wausau Just arrived in EauClaire Trump2016 WIPrimary TrumpTrain     . should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack   . Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree  with   Great honor to have General Counsel JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it Unifying the party   Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee WIPrimary Trump2016 Tickets    Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly  reversed   I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home make great  deals   If stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock My h to h interview with beat her by  millions   Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and  positions BAD.   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Can you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about  trade   We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States    My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin See you soon WIPrimary Trump2016    Does anybody like Lyin Ted    For the 1st time in American history Americas 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme Thank  you.   The National Border Patrol Council NBPC said that our open border is the biggest physical economic threat facing the American  people   The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is more than my 739 delegates. Try again   The Club For Growthwhich asked me for 1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a  dumb group   MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    THANK YOU NEW YORK Trump2016    THANK YOU AMERICA Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    THANK YOU WISCONSIN VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th WIPrimary    Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together and it will  happen   The Trump Doctrine Peace Through Strength. Trump2016     Nothing you say will change my mind Woman for      Im a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.  Great   Thank you Appleton Wisconsin WIPrimary Trump2016    Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Please keep your thoughts prayers with Melissa Young Miss Wisconsin 2005.    THANK YOU NEW YORK MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    RT Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal Trumps three eldest children jump into campaign   via    . got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice   Final s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS New certified s show a 365 vote increase for me least 12 more  delegates   Thank you Trump2016    Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter    Thank you MakeAmericaGreatAgain    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN    Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference What is in her hand    This was the reporters statement when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune.    Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions Can I press charges    Why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on  tape   Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at  tapesnothing there   How come the  show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am  killing Cruz   I have millions more voteshundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or  the RNC.   Wow has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really onesided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldnt do their townhall  tonight   We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games we must be smart tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAKE AMERICA STRONG  AGAIN   Lyin Ted I have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs   illegal imm   LyinTed Cruz is weak losing big so now he wants to debate again. But according to DrudgeTime and online polls I have won all  debates   After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker and Jeb Rand Marco and all others in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever  endorse me    Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If youre for Motherhood hell be against it   Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President    Campaigntodate popular GOP totals 7546980 5481737 2724749 A BIG  DIFFERENCE   Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE a  must   A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our socalled leaders ever learn   Kirsten Powers Anti Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story via the Gateway Pundit     We stand by Trump 100 Thank you   I will be interviewed on at 730. Things are looking good had a great Easterlook forward to spending the week in  Wisconsin    WIPrimary will defeat ISIS and MakeAmericaGreatAgain    The United States cannot continue to make such bad onesided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more   See Lyin Ted even the no fan of mine says this story came from Rubio not Trump    Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than  CruzLawsuit coming   Why cant the pundits be honest Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great  JOBS   Another radical Islamic attack this time in Pakistan targeting Christian women children. At least 67 dead400 injured. I alone  can solve   Happy Easter to all have a great day   My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the U.S. are now finally receiving  plaudits   Wow sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. far better vision than  the others   I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy   Remember I am the only candidate who is selffunding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like  others   Dont believe the Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General  Election.   Wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again bring  in jobs   Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong.  Illegals out   Lyin Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with  story   The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the  opposite   The media is so after me on women Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump      WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMPS EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. WOMEN4TRUMP    Dear after doing a quick Google Twitter search there are over 15000 womens groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop  Lying.    Let me help you Trumpophobes with math Trump 10.3B1.2M 74 equity1.2M 858233. SP 1314.5 Derp    Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it    Your instincts on foreign policy terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians  combined.   Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous  laws    LyingTed blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.   Wow just released that 67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one by a lot   I didnt start the fight with LyinTed Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out hence  Lyin Ted   Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I  lostmonster story   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN     Cruz Rubio are scared WATCH     Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it  So sad   Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO I alone can fix this  problem   SFreud Theyre all braindead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A  dead show   Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. is  wasting time   . T.V. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM  NO   Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE AND FAST    Talkers think about the future Doers are already building it VoteTrump2016     It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims  NATO   Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so  right   These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things  better   . and Lyin Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike ALL TALK AND NO ACTION Both talk about ISIS do  nothing   It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly ZERO in his  pres run    . thank God is not a politician but hes one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people.   We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why It is time to renegotiate and the time is now   N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused  on   Vito08 A picture is worth a thousand words LyingTed NeverCruz     Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for  moralityChristianity.     selffunded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like Who owns Ted    You have over 2M followers more than than This says something about how America feels. Trump2016     MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe   While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the  race   I think having Jebs endorsement hurts Lyin Ted. Jeb spent more than 150000000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and  am first   I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning now Lyin Ted others are  copying me.   Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years and look where we  are   Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into  oblivion   Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.   Thank you Arizona Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpTrain    Lyin Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. Thats why we call him Lyin Ted   Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court  Justices   Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you I will never forget   Thank you Arizona Trump2016 WesternTuesday TrumpTrain    Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and openand let the Muslims flow in.  No way   Lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin Ted or I will spill the beans on your  wife   Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately get home to Washington where a POTUS under a serious emergency  belongs   Obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger Shame.   UtahCaucus message from UTCaucus MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    ArizonaPrimary message from AZPrimary MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    VoteTrump video AZPrimary ArizonaPrimary UtahCaucus UTCaucus AmericanSamoa    My heart prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.   Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough     I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for  me today   RT Arizona We made it easy to find your polling location for todays primary Simply visit      MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated  badly   Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world U.S. must be vigilant  and smart    Heres Trump AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.     The media is corrupt We The People are fighting with you.   Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasnt even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No  respect   Big Republican Dinner tonight at MaraLago in Palm Beach. I will be there    Dont worry Trump They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop   So the highly overrated anchor is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I cant fight back  Wrong   The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my  supporters   Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roadsdoors during my RALLIES are never blamed by  media SAD   Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy    Whats s strategy to secure the GOP nomination Ill talk to the Republican frontrunner.     The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.    TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE THATS THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR  ENEMIES   THANK YOU ARIZONA Get out and VoteTrump on Tuesday AZPrimary MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you Tucson Arizona A great afternoon with 6000 supporters VoteTrump on Tuesday MakeAmericaGreatAgain     . You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work  MakeAmericaGreatAgain   . Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic everybody loves it  MakeAmericaGreatAgain   . Just watched you on WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you two amazing people  Trump2016   THANK YOU ARIZONA 20000 amazing supporters Get out and VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you MakeAmericaGreatAgain     Wow ratings are up 75 because its all Trump all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me MAKE AMERICA GREAT  AGAIN   Great to be back in Arizona MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    If crazy didnt cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many  ways   Crazy says I dont wont go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits  on me    after tonight it is clear Utah is TrumpCountry Utah Mormon UtahPrimary Utah4Trump    Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX AZ     Honored to be in Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement  here in SLC    Actually no  has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day every show trashing negative hate.    Its great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months voteTrump    1st time I heard Trump I said wow. I liked him I then became a closet Trump fan. Today Hes the ONLY 1 I will  vote for    Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president Weve Endorsed Him We Believe In Him Trump2016    Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States AZ UT    Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a twoman race. Gee what happened to that 30  ceiling    I totally agree is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE   Thank you New York I love you MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrows events will be amazing Trump2016   Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him dummy   While I have never met of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits he has no sense of the  real world   Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Watching fantastic show Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.   Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah will be back   RT Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of Says played a big role   Why havent they released the final Missouri victory for us yet Could it be because Cruzs guy runs Missouri   I guess I have reached yet another ceiling 49.7 with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet Thank you     Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants She should spend more time taking care of our great  Vets   Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump She is sick the most overrated person  on tv.   Thank you Arizona I love you MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Join me tomorrow Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue. No wonder he lost   Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich Marco Rubio and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 12   Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who choked and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin Ted Cruz. This is good  for me   Going to Salt Lake City Utah for a big rally. Lyin Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there Mormons dont like LIARS I beat  Hillary   Club for Growth letter trying to extort 1000000.00 from me. Remember I said NO    Club For Growth tried to extort 1000000 from me. When I said NO they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful   With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain  this   . got fired like a dog from RedState and now he is the one leading opposition against me.   Senator made horrible statements about  and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians   Lyin Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesdayand he was just given the jinx a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb.  Lindsey got 0   Join us in Salt Lake City Utah tonight MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz Let me know.    Highly overrated crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn   Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine   See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.    Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of  them   . is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me   . Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8646551.Trumps is 7533692a knock. But she had only 3 opponentsI had  16.Apologize   The reason lyin Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liarsa big  problem   Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me yet her bad show is a total hit piece on  me.Tough   Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question I beat Cruz  debating   Crazy supposedly had lyin Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted cant  win   Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romneys historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with  Trump. Sad   I will be interviewed on The OReilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.    Thank you Missouri Trump2016    RT I can skate here ONLY bc fixed this rink after NYC govt spent 13M but FAILED Good for Trump     I am making a big speech the night of the debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins   Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support   In the last 2 weeks I had 35M of negative ads against me in Florida I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save  their    Yesterday was amazing5 victories. Lyin Ted Cruz had zero. Things are going very well   Is this what we want for a President    . Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side    . I think can beat HillaryClinton. And Im looking forward to Trump being president.   . You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it Thank you   I will be interviewed on at 830 A.M. ENJOY   Will be interviewed on Joe at 740. ENJOY   Will be interviewed on on at 715 A.M.   Will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. Big wins last night     Thats funny I switched to other media too cant stand her    I thank God you are on board with to help him and us MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty   Thank you Marco I agree    I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at MaraLago for our great election victory. She is a winner   Thank you Illinois SuperTuesday MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you North Carolina Trump2016 SuperTuesday MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Watching other networks and local news. Really good night Crazy is unwatchable.   Thank you Florida SuperTuesday MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Thank you Northern Mariana IslandsSuperTuesday Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain    Cant watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people big   over     If media wasnt so biased against Trump he wouldve won all of the delegates.    is trying so hard to bash its ridiculous Dont worry everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn   Styborski   Hayes is looking depressed as well.       I tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading  team.     Shes choking on the results Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she  says.    Was going to watch for the primary results but saw  looks like CNN tonight   Word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon   A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida Hope this is false.   I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again.   In presidential voting so far John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate Hillary would beat him I will beat  Hillary   Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico now losing Ford and many others. Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now   Watching John Kasich being interviewed acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate until I put him  down.   RT Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 he would need 112 of the remaining  delegates to be the nominee   VoteTrump SuperTuesday Florida Illinois Missouri North Carolina Ohio TrumpTrain      North Carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN WE WILL  BRING BACK   RT Friends in FL OH NC IL MO we would be honored to have your VOTE SuperTuesday LetsDoThis  MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpTrain    Just in big news I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8 of the vote Thank you SuperTuesday  VoteTrump   Good morning Ohio Some additional information from my daughter VoteTrump SuperTuesday    Dont reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich who voted for NAFTA open borders  etc..   Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is selffunding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by  lobbyists   I will bring our jobs back to America fix our military and take care of our vets end Common Core and ObamaCare protect 2nd A  build WALL   Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN   Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness     Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation GO DONALD TRUMP   Thanks.    WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character Watch this video Hillary and Bernie dont  come close    I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow. Thank you     Who started this mess the protesters of course . And media made it worse.   Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it MakeAmericaGreatAgain     THANK YOU Youngstown Ohio I love you Get out VoteTrump tomorrow. Trump2016    Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard bad for American workers   Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now VoteTrump   Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida   We dont have a country if we dont have borders. VoteTrump Video    Just received from 14. Thank you Pete VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain     RT LIVE Stream Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. TrumpTrain     The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad  people   Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvaniahe cannot win the nomination should not be allowed to compete in Ohio  on Tue.   Carly Fiorina I agree Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk no action    Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive    Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television he only watches the     Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP which will be even worse. Ohio steel and  coal dying   Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie or my supporters will go to  yours    It is repulsive that Trump was assaultedpoliticians used that 2 further themselves2 further victimize Trump  DISGUSTING   Wow Kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem   RT Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an  internet video.   USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail     Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core In other words education of your children from  D.C. No way   EndCommonCore Trump2016 Video    Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton 25K in Cleveland perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks I love you Ohio     It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians   The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump and that is fact   We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a  country   Word isearly voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman their minions are working overtimetrying to rig  the vote.   The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016   Thank you Dayton Ohio 20000 supporters largest in airport history MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   On my way to Dayton Ohio. Will be there soon   The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great love you Ohio   Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust Governor Kasich in favor of  TPP fraud   Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for  Mexico   The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized  America   I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam Thank you for your support VoteTrump today Trump2016   Great news Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres Trump2016    It means so much to me receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman conservative.    Thank you St. Louis Missouri MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016    Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news Likewise dopey Mort Zuckermans     Dr. Ben Carson I concur.  I believe in God who can change people he can make any of us better.
